Monica Geller	What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Absolutely.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	....Are we still talking about sex?	Joyful

Ross Geller	No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?	Scared
Marsha	Well, she has issues.	Sad
Ross Geller	Does she.	Scared
Marsha	He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!	Mad
Ross Geller	Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?	Neutral
Marsha	Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?	Mad
Ross Geller	No. No.	Scared
Marsha	Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Okay, okay, yes, it is. How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.	Scared
Ross Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Carol Willick	So.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You look great. I, uh... I hate that.	Scared
Carol Willick	Sorry. You look good too.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...	Joyful
Carol Willick	A lesbian?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Marty's still totally paranoid. Oh, and, uh-	Mad
Ross Geller	Why- why are you here, Carol?	Scared
Carol Willick	I'm pregnant.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Pregnant?!	Scared

Ross Geller	Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Hi.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Ross, you remember Susan.	Neutral
Ross Geller	How could I forget?	Mad
Susan Bunch	Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hello, Susan. Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Dr. Oberman.	Neutral
Ross Geller	..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-	Neutral
Susan Bunch	She.	Neutral
Ross Geller	-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Yes, and she's very supportive.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, that's great. No, I'm- Oh.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Thanks.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Quack, quack..	Joyful
Carol Willick	Ross? That opens my cervix.	Scared

Rachel Green	Barry?	Neutral
Barry Farber	C'mon in.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Are you sure?	Scared
Barry Farber	Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.	Neutral
Robbie	Huh?!	Scared
Barry Farber	So, how ya doin?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!	Sad
Barry Farber	Yeah, well..	Neutral
Bernice	Dr. Farber, Jason Greenstein's gagging.	Neutral
Barry Farber	Be right there. Be back in a sec.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I dumped him.	Sad
Robbie	Okay.	Neutral

Ross Geller	So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?	Scared
Carol Willick	Give me a 'for instance'.	Mad
Ross Geller	Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?	Scared
Carol Willick	Marlon-	Powerful
Ross Geller	Marlon?!	Mad
Carol Willick	-if it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl.	Powerful
Ross Geller	...As in Mouse?	Mad
Carol Willick	As in my grandmother.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?	Scared
Carol Willick	Julia..	Neutral
Susan Bunch	We agreed on Minnie.	Powerful
Ross Geller	'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?	Powerful

Barry Farber	Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, not much. I-I got a job.	Scared
Barry Farber	Oh, that's great.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Why are- why are you so tanned?	Scared
Barry Farber	Oh, I, uh- I went to Aruba.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?	Mad
Barry Farber	No. I went with, uh.. Now, this may hurt.	Neutral
Robbie	Me?!	Neutral
Barry Farber	No! I went with Mindy.	Scared
Rachel Green	Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!	Mad
Barry Farber	Yeah, well, uh, we're kind of a thing now.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh! Well, um.. You've got plugs!	Mad
Barry Farber	Careful! They haven't quite taken yet.	Mad
Rachel Green	And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!	Mad
Barry Farber	Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Okay..	Mad
Barry Farber	See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Wow.	Scared
Barry Farber	You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Robbie	Me.	Sad
Rachel Green	Anyway, um, I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.	Sad
Barry Farber	Well, thank you for giving it back.	Sad
Robbie	Hello?!	Scared

Susan Bunch	Oh, please! What's wrong with Helen?	Mad
Ross Geller	Helen Geller? I don't think so.	Mad
Carol Willick	Hello? It's not gonna be Helen Geller.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Thank you!	Powerful
Carol Willick	No, I mean it's not Geller.	Powerful
Ross Geller	What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?	Mad
Carol Willick	No, actually, um, we talked about Helen Willick-Bunch.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?	Mad
Susan Bunch	It's my baby too.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.	Mad
Susan Bunch	Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is!	Mad
Carol Willick	All right, you two, stop it!	Mad
Ross Geller	No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.	Mad
Carol Willick	Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!	Mad
Ross Geller	My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-	Mad
Dr. Oberman	Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?	Neutral
#ALL#	Yeah. Yeah. A little.	Neutral
Dr. Oberman	Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing. Uh, lie back..	Neutral
Ross Geller	You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh my God.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Look at that.	Joyful
Carol Willick	I know.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Well? Isn't that amazing?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What are we supposed to be seeing here?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Then don't do that, alright?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Monica. Whaddya think?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Mm-hmm.	Sad
Ross Geller	Wh- are you welling up?	Neutral
Monica Geller	No.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You are, you're welling up.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Am not!	Mad
Ross Geller	You're gonna be an aunt.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh shut up!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Hi guys!	Joyful
#ALL#	Hey, Pheebs! Hi!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'	Sad
#ALL#	Ohh. Ouch.	Sad
Rachel Green	What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Since when?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.	Mad
Rachel Green	And everybody knows this?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. Cushions the blow.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.	Neutral
Ross Geller	That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uh, Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!	Scared

Chandler Bing	"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	"Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey, that was really good!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks! Let's keep going.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?"	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	"I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke."	Neutral
Chandler Bing	"Smoke away."	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Relax your hand!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Not so much!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Whoah!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Alright, now try taking a puff.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Y'miss it?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.	Scared

Monica Geller	Hi.. how was the game?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well..	Neutral
#ALL#	WE WON!! Thank you! Yes!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Alan.	Neutral
Ross Geller	He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...	Joyful
Rachel Green	I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..	Joyful
Monica Geller	Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..	Scared
Ross Geller	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	..I dunno, a little too Alan?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I personally could have a gallon of Alan.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Hey, Lizzie.	Neutral
Lizzy	Hey, Weird Girl.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I brought you alphabet soup.	Neutral
Lizzy	Did you pick out the vowels?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you.	Neutral
Lizzy	Saltines?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?	Neutral
Lizzy	What? Oh my God, there's really money in here.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know.	Neutral
Lizzy	Weird Girl, what are you doing?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.	Neutral
Lizzy	No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, that's fine, no.	Neutral
Lizzy	Would you like my tin-foil hat?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.	Neutral
Lizzy	Please, let me do something.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?	Neutral
Lizzy	Okay.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay.	Neutral

Ross Geller	A thumb?!	Neutral
#ALL#	Eww!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Does, um, anyone wanna see?	Neutral
#ALL#	Nooo!	Scared
#ALL#	Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out!	Scared
Rachel Green	It's worse than the thumb!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, this is so unfair!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, why is it unfair?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, I-I could live without it.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, "you do, do you"?	Joyful
Ross Geller	You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.	Neutral
Rachel Green	"Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.	Mad

Monica Geller	Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?	Neutral
Paula	No.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.	Peaceful
Paula	Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.	Scared
Paula	Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!	Powerful
Monica Geller	I know.. it's gonna be really hard.	Sad
Paula	Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it.	Powerful
Monica Geller	No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Do you have any respect for your body?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.	Mad
Rachel Green	Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!	Joyful
Rachel Green	God, he's good.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	If only he were a woman.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral

Alan	Wow.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm, I'm really sorry.	Sad
Alan	Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Relieved?	Neutral
Alan	Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends.	Mad

Rachel Green	Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Yeah. He could row like a viking.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
#ALL#	Mmm.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	So how'd it go?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, y'know..	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Did he mention us?	Scared
Monica Geller	He said he's really gonna miss you guys.	Sad
Ross Geller	You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.	Powerful
#ALL#	No no no!	Mad
Chandler Bing	I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, alright.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Alright. Phoebe?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.	Joyful
Rachel Green	See, there's always one guy. "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes."	Joyful
#ALL#	Hey Joey. Hi. Hey, buddy.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Probably kill myself!	Neutral
Monica Geller	..Excuse me?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!	Sad
Ross Geller	Joey, uh- OMnipotent.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You are? Ross, I'm sorry..	Sad

Chandler Bing	...Poulet passes it up to Leetch!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- Sorry. Sorry.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Peach pit.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes, Bunny?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	-Peaches?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Actually, nectarines, but basically...	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Could've been a peach.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- -the bus stop... I'm fine.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.	Joyful

Rachel Green	So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!	Joyful
Kiki	Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!	Joyful
Joanne	Alright. Let's talk reality for a second.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay.	Neutral
Joanne	When are you coming home?	Neutral
Rachel Green	What? Guys, I'm not.	Mad
Joanne	C'mon, this is us.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-	Mad
Kiki	Waitressing?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.	Neutral
Leslie	Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?	Joyful
Rachel Green	What's that?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Weeeell, it's rum, and-	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay.	Neutral
Monica Geller	We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, God, ask them what they want.	Scared
Monica Geller	Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? Yes, hold on. Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.	Neutral
Rachel Green	But I haven't used my card in weeks!	Scared
Monica Geller	That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.	Joyful
Rachel Green	They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?	Mad
Monica Geller	Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Alright, c'mon! Let's play Twister!	Sad

Monica Geller	You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	You are just like Jack.	Neutral
Rachel Green	...Jack from downstairs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, Jack and the Beanstalk.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ah, the other Jack.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..	Joyful
Rachel Green	Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.	Neutral
Rachel Green	But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Floopy?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, like that's a word.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?	Scared
Monica Geller	...Pheebs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?	Neutral

Ross Geller	Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!	Mad
Chandler Bing	See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Pass it! Pass it!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	He's open!	Joyful
#ALL#	Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	'Scuse me.	Neutral
Receptionist	It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.	Mad
Receptionist	Hold on. Fill these out, sit over there.	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.	Mad
Receptionist	Well, you'll have to wait your turn.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, how long do you think it'll be?	Neutral
Receptionist	Any minute now.	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey, this- Heyy...	Mad

Monica Geller	Light still out?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh. Maybe they're- napping.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh please, they're having sex.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Shut up!	Mad
Rachel Green	So, whaddya think George is like?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I think he's shy.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.	Neutral

Ross Geller	I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Look, it's just a little more complicated...	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...	Mad
Chandler Bing	Then what?	Neutral
Ross Geller	My first time with Carol was...	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Ross Geller	It was my first time.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	With Carol? Oh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So in your whole life, you've only been with one oh.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.	Mad
Monica Geller	What?! You slept with Jason?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	You'd already broken up.	Neutral
Rachel Green	How long?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	A couple hours.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, that's nice!	Mad
Rachel Green	Okay, okay, okay, I got one! Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Excuse me?!	Mad
Rachel Green	Hello? Like he was really gonna send you one? She was a big girl.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!	Mad
Rachel Green	I was laughing! You made me laugh!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	There he is! There he is!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Where?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Right- where we've been looking all night!	Joyful
Rachel Green	He is so cute!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!	Joyful
#ALL#	Yeah, drop it! Drop the towel! Please drop the wowww.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Really?	Scared
Chandler Bing	No, you kidding? The guy's a freak..	Powerful
Both	Hey, buddy.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi.	Mad
Receptionist	Oh, that's attractive.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, ah- the kid has it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	The kid...? Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.	Mad
Kid	I found it. Finders keepers, losers weepers.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	You gotta do it, man.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever can't do it. Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.	Powerful
Kid	No.	Powerful
Ross Geller	'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!	Mad
Kid	No! No!	Mad
Receptionist	Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my ER!	Mad
Ross Geller	GIVE ME MY PUCK!!	Mad
Ross Geller	...Now that was fun.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Okay, Monica: Right foot red.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Thanks.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. Good.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, okay. Will you take my place?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright. Yes, this is Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Nooo! Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Green. To the green.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I've got magic beans. Never-never mind.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	To the left, to the left- aww!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohhh... I'm fine.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.	Mad
Ross Geller	Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?	Mad
Rachel Green	Come on! You guys can pee standing up.	Mad
Chandler Bing	We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.	Mad
Ross Geller	Multiple orgasms!	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, god help us.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.	Sad
Monica Geller	What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?	Sad

Ross Geller	Ok, bye. Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?	Neutral
Ross Geller	It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Nuh-uh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yuh-huh.	Neutral
Ross Geller	So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?	Joyful
Ross Geller	No.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	There you go.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yep.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Which?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Which what?	Neutral
Monica Geller	You've never met Bob, have you?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	No, but he's...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh my god, Joey, for all we know this guy could be horribly...	Scared
Angela Delveccio	Hey, Joey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	...horribly attractive. I'll be shutting up now.	Sad

Chandler Bing	Where are they? Where are they?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Eww, I don't wanna do that.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Here we go.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, have a good break-up.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, Janice.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	What?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What... did you get me there?	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	I got you...these.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's great.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	No, no, I'm still working on mine.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's it?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, it was really hard.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, you weren't there.	Neutral

Monica Geller	He is so cute. So, where did you guys grow up?	Joyful
Angela Delveccio	Brooklyn Heights.	Neutral
Bob	Cleveland.	Neutral
Monica Geller	How, how did that happen?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh my god.	Scared
Monica Geller	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But I'm not.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	So, you and Angela, huh?	Joyful
Bob	Yep. Pretty much.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.	Joyful
Bob	Huh, I never really noticed.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.	Joyful
Bob	Monica, Monica is great.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.	Joyful

Monica Geller	I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.	Joyful
Angela Delveccio	Yeah, isn't he?	Neutral
Monica Geller	It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.	Joyful
Angela Delveccio	You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.	Joyful
Angela Delveccio	Huh. That's nice.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.	Powerful
Ross Geller	That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.	Scared
Rachel Green	What uh-oh?	Scared
Ross Geller	Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.	Scared
Rachel Green	Ross, what's the matter?	Scared
Ross Geller	Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.	Mad
Rachel Green	Come on, show me.	Scared
Ross Geller	All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, everything's pink.	Sad
Ross Geller	Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.	Sad
Rachel Green	Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!	Sad

Monica Geller	Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh my god.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Come on, they're close.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh my god, what were you thinking?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ow!	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm outta here.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Really?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Ow!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my god. How many of those have you had?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh, I don't know, a million?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I'm fine.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	All right.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm not fine. Here she comes.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Wait here. Breathe.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	How do you do that?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	It's like a gift.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	We should always always break up together.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I'd like that.	Joyful

Ross Geller	You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.	Mad
Woman	Yeah, well, I had a 24-inch waist. You lose things. Now come on, get outta my way.	Mad
Rachel Green	I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.	Mad
Woman	Hey, hey, hey there aren't any clothes in it.	Mad
Rachel Green	Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!	Mad
Woman	Let go!	Mad
Rachel Green	All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!	Mad
Rachel Green	Yes! Did you see that?	Joyful
Ross Geller	You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I could not have done this without you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? I'm fine, I'm fine.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Are you sure?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No.	Mad

Rachel Green	Oh, are you sure you're ok?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Does it still hurt?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, how'd it go?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Excellent.	Joyful
Monica Geller	We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.	Mad
Monica Geller	Oh, I'm sorry.	Sad
Rachel Green	Where's Chandler?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, he needed some time to grieve.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm free! I'm free!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	That oughta do it.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	The exclamation point in the title scares me. Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...	Joyful

Monica Geller	Alright, alright, alright...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.	Neutral
Monica Geller	For what?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Whaddya think? Today's the big day!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Thank you!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.	Neutral
Monica Geller	He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	C'mon, we're roommates! My eyes!! My eyes!!	Scared
Monica Geller	I warned you...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Who is being loud?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, you got the whole night, huh?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.	Neutral

Director	...Dammit, hire the girl! Okay, everybody ready?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.	Scared
Director	Lose the robe.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Me?	Scared
Director	That would work.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Right. Okay. Losing the robe. And the robe is lost.	Scared
Director	Okay, everybody, we'd like to get this in one take, please. Let's roll it.. water's working .. and... action.	Powerful
Director	And cut. Hey, Butt Guy, what the hell are you doing?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I'm- I'm showering.	Scared
Director	No, that was clenching.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.	Scared
Director	I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...	Mad

Rachel Green	Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.	Scared
Rachel Green	Wow, you guys, this is big.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. What's my number?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I never call me.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.	Joyful
Jill Goodacre	Hi Mom, it's Jill.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!	Scared
Jill Goodacre	Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just stuck at the bank, in an ATM vestibule.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.	Neutral
Jill Goodacre	I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Hi everyone.	Neutral
Ross Geller	And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.	Mad
Rachel Green	That had to hurt!	Sad

Chandler Bing	Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	There you go!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You're definitely scaring here.	Scared
Jill Goodacre	Would you like to call somebody?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks.	Joyful

Monica Geller	Hello?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, it's me.	Neutral
Monica Geller	It's Chandler! Are you OK?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.	Sad
Monica Geller	What?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!	Scared
Monica Geller	I have no idea what you just said.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Put Joey on the phone.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What's up man?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Chandler, listen.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.	Peaceful

Rachel Green	Hmmm... this is so nice.	Joyful
Ross Geller	OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.	Joyful
Rachel Green	OK.	Neutral
Ross Geller	OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohhh!!!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yes, yes, that's right...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, look at the little cat!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	What? Ow!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...	Powerful

Monica Geller	This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Sorry, that was wax.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.	Scared
Ross Geller	Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?	Neutral
Rachel Green	During a blackout? He'd get trampled!	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah?	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh. Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner.	Powerful
Mr. Heckles	Er, yeah, it's mine.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	He seems to hate you. Are you sure?	Mad
Mr. Heckles	Yeah, it's my cat. Give me my cat.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Wait a minute. What's his name?	Mad
Mr. Heckles	Ehhhh... B-Buttons.	Scared
Rachel Green	Bob Buttons?	Powerful
Mr. Heckles	Mmm. Bob Buttons. Here, Bob Buttons.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oooh! You are a very bad man!	Mad
Mr. Heckles	You owe me a cat.	Mad

Ross Geller	Lucky sixes....	Joyful
Rachel Green	Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Rachel Green	And Joey....	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Rachel Green	And Ross.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Rachel Green	He doesn't speak much English.	Neutral
Paolo	Monopoly!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Look at that!	Joyful
Ross Geller	So, um... where did Paolo come from?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh... Italy, I think.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!	Sad
Ross Geller	That, that is funny... .... and Rachel keeps touching him.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You betcha!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.	Scared
Jill Goodacre	Are you alright?	Scared
Jill Goodacre	My God, you're choking! That better?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yes... thank you. That was... that was....	Neutral
Jill Goodacre	Perfection?	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48....	Scared
Ross Geller	Thank you.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Thanks.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Kinda... spooky without any lights.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Bwah-hah-hah!	Joyful
Ross Geller	OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah...	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh.. oh... oh.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?	Joyful
Shelley	Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...	Sad
Shelley	Do you want a date Saturday?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yes please.	Joyful
Shelley	Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	He's a he?	Mad
Shelley	Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...	Scared

Chandler Bing	...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?	Mad
Rachel Green	Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You did?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I did.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I think so, yeah.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Not me.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.	Scared
Chandler Bing	You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?	Neutral
#ALL#	Yeah! Right!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	WHAT IS IT?!	Mad
Monica Geller	Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.	Neutral
#ALL#	Yes. Absolutely. A quality.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.	Mad
Monica Geller	Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh my God! Calling from Rome! Bon giorno, caro mio.	Neutral
Ross Geller	So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. I'm talking to Rome.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey dad, what's up? Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, you have homosexual hair.	Neutral
Rachel Green	So, um, did she...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Twice.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Twice?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, that sucks!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	You guys okay?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Nono, she's gone.	Neutral
Monica Geller	We checked. A lot.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.	Sad
Rachel Green	Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Thanks!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie.	Neutral

Ross Geller	I thought it was gonna be a closed casket.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Well, that doesn't mean she can't look nice!	Joyful
Judy Geller	Sweetie, you think you can get in there?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I don't see why not.	Mad
Ross Geller	Here's my retainer!	Joyful

Ross Geller	I was just thinking. When my time comes-	Neutral
Monica Geller	Dad!	Scared
Ross Geller	Listen to me! When my time comes, I wanna be buried at sea.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You what?	Scared
Ross Geller	I wanna be buried at sea, it looks like fun.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Define fun.	Neutral
Ross Geller	C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...	Joyful
Monica Geller	...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.	Scared
Ross Geller	Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.	Joyful
Monica Geller	That's probably what they'll say.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'd like that.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Hey, gorgeous.	Joyful
Shelley	Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.	Joyful
Shelley	Oh! Okay! Phew!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	So, uh... what do you think it is about me?	Neutral
Shelley	I dunno, uh... you just have a-a...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	...Quality, right, great.	Joyful
Shelley	Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?	Neutral
Shelley	What? He's cute!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.	Joyful
Shelley	Is Brian...?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.	Neutral
Shelley	Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.	Neutral

Ross Geller	This one?	Neutral
Aunt Lillian	No.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.	Joyful
Aunt Lillian	You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one.	Joyful
Judy Geller	You're right. We'll go with the burgundy.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out.	Powerful
Aunt Lillian	Wait! We need shoes!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Okay. Um, how about these?	Scared
Judy Geller	That's really a day shoe.	Neutral
Ross Geller	And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?	Neutral
Aunt Lillian	Could we see something in a slimmer heel?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.	Neutral
Aunt Lillian	No, it really should be burgundy.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Mm. Unless we go with a different dress?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh my God..	Mad
Judy Geller	Is everything all right, dear?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.	Neutral

Ross Geller	How we doing, you guys ready?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?	Mad
Ross Geller	Some days it's all I can think about.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, you-you mean your earrings?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	What'd I say?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hm-m.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Are these the shoes?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.	Powerful
Ross Geller	What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Morning. We ready to go?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?	Neutral

Monica Geller	It was a really beautiful service.	Joyful
Judy Geller	It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Check it out, Giants-Cowboys.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You're watching a football game at a funeral?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You are a frightening, frightening man.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!	Mad
Ross Geller	Oh, I hope they're not ruined.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!	Joyful
Ross Geller	I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff-	Sad
#ALL#	God! Ross!	Mad
Ross Geller	I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised...	Neutral

Rachel Green	Hey, who's this little naked guy?	Scared
Ross Geller	That little naked guy would be me.	Mad
Rachel Green	Aww, look at the little thing.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Who are those people?	Scared
Ross Geller	Got me.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?	Scared
Monica Geller	Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Looks like a fun gang.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something.	Mad

Chandler Bing	Hey, Lowell.	Neutral
Lowell	Hey, Chandler.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So how's it going there in Financial Services?	Neutral
Lowell	It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.	Neutral
Lowell	I know. That's what I told her.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Really.	Neutral
Lowell	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So- you can tell?	Neutral
Lowell	Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So you don't think I have a, a quality?	Neutral
Lowell	Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	He is?	Neutral
Lowell	Yup, and waaay out of your league.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.	Mad

Rachel Green	Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?	Peaceful
Terry	An advance?	Neutral
Rachel Green	It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.	Neutral
Terry	Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.	Mad
Rachel Green	Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.	Powerful

Ross Geller	Hi, is uh, is Carol here?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	No, she's at a faculty meeting.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	What's it look like?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Kinda like a big face without skin.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok. Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Actually, I'm reading it to the baby.	Neutral
Ross Geller	The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?	Scared
Susan Bunch	What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?	Neutral
Ross Geller	You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?	Scared
Susan Bunch	Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Do you uh, do you talk about me?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Yeah, yeah, all the time.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Really?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, Rach, did you make your money?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.	Sad
Monica Geller	Rach, here's your mail.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Thanks, you can just put it on the table.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, here's your mail.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Thanks, you can just put it on the table.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Would you just open it?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	We all chipped in.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	We did?	Neutral
Monica Geller	You owe me 20 bucks.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Thank you. Thank you so much!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right, I'm nine years old.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, I hate this story.	Mad
Chandler Bing	We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh my god.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.	Scared
Girl	We did?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. Aramis? Aramis?	Neutral
Girl	Yeah, right.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.	Joyful
Girl	Get out.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.	Joyful
Girl	Really? You don't know what that means to me.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?	Powerful
Girl	Nothing.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?	Joyful
Girl	Yeah. Oh.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What's wrong?	Scared
Girl	I just remembered, I have to do something.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh. What?	Scared
Girl	Um, leave.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Wait, wait, wait!	Mad

Carol Willick	Anytime you're ready.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok, ok, here we go. Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...	Joyful
Carol Willick	Just aim for the bump.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.	Scared
Carol Willick	So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hello, baby. Hello, hello.	Neutral

Rachel Green	I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.	Mad
Monica Geller	Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?	Neutral
Rachel Green	We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No I don't.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."	Neutral
Monica Geller	No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"	Mad
Rachel Green	No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".	Mad
Chandler Bing	Do either of you have the keys?	Neutral
Monica Geller	The oven is on.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, I gotta get my ticket!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.	Scared
Monica Geller	Well then get it, get it!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	That tone will not make me go any faster.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Joey!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	That one will.	Neutral

Ross Geller	And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Hi, how's it goin?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?	Joyful
Carol Willick	I did.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Does it always, uh--?	Neutral
Carol Willick	No, no that was the first.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Keep singing! Keep singing!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	I felt it!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Why?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Where? Ooh, come to Momma.	Joyful
Monica Geller	He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool.	Scared
Guy	Nice hat.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Thanks.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	We should do something. Whistle.	Joyful
Monica Geller	We are not going to whistle.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Come on, do it.	Joyful
Monica Geller	No!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Do it!	Powerful
Monica Geller	No!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Do it do it do it!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Woo-woo!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I can't believe you did that!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Phoebe, what are you doing?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Maybe nobody's tried this.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I wish all guys could be like him.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I know.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	What about Glen? He could be a Glen.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Nah... not-not special enough.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh! How about Agamemnon?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Waaay too special.	Joyful

Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hi.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What are you doing here?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No. No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?	Neutral
Monica Geller	How would I know? I-I wasn't here.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?!	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Oh my God.	Scared
Ross Geller	You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.	Scared
Chandler Bing	What?	Mad
Ross Geller	I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-	Scared
Chandler Bing	You knew about this?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Thanks, man, big help.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?	Mad
Ross Geller	I wasn't- I mean, I-	Scared
Chandler Bing	Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.	Mad
Ross Geller	I know-	Sad
Chandler Bing	I can't believe you did this.	Mad
Ross Geller	Chandler-	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Me neither, y'know what-	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm still mad at you for not telling me.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What are you mad at me for?!	Sad
Ross Geller	Chandler-	Sad
Chandler Bing	You gotta let me slam the door!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! See what happens when you break the code?	Scared
Ross Geller	Joey-	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Ah! Huh?	Mad

Rachel Green	Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What's a 'niffle'?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...	Sad
Ross Geller	Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!	Mad
#ALL#	Nooo!	Sad

Monica Geller	Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Ross, did you really read all these baby books?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	And, we're done with the yogurt.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Sorry.	Sad
Monica Geller	Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hello!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	How come you don't live with Mommy? How come Mommy lives with that other lady? What's a lesbian?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos	Joyful
Paolo	Ah, poke a nose, mmm	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Mma, Mma, Mmaah	Neutral
Monica Geller	So, did I hear Poconos?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah, that's a big step.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I know...	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?	Mad
Rachel Green	I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...	Joyful
Ross Geller	...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!	Mad

Chandler Bing	Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	That's the rule.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	How'd you get to that?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	You knew about that?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ok, ok, How about if we split it?	Scared
Chandler Bing	What do you mean, like, buy it together?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You think we're ready for something like that?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Why not?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Why, are you moving out?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I'm not moving out.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You'd tell me if you were moving out right	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Aw, I know all about Kip!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Aw, don't do that	Sad

Phoebe's Assistant	We've got a couple changes in your schedule. Your 4:00 herbal massage has been pushed back to 4:30 and Miss Somerfield canceled her 5:30 shiatsu.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, thanks.	Neutral
Phoebe's Assistant	Oh, here comes your 3:00. I don't mean to sound unprofessional, but, yum	Neutral
Paolo	Buon Giorno, Bella Phoebe!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?	Neutral
Paolo	Uh, Racquela tell me you massage, eh?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, Racquela's right, yeah!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.	Neutral
Paolo	Uh, I am, uh, being naked?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!	Neutral

Rachel Green	I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....	Powerful
Monica Geller	And Monica knows...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	So what's it gonna be?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Waitohheyhuh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Or an uncle...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey Phoebe!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi Pheebs!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Pheebs!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Fine!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Phoebe, what's the matter?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.	Sad
Customer	Hey, can we get some cappuccino over here?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, right, that's me!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Fine.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Phoebe, what is it?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	All right, you know Paolo?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm familiar with his work, yes...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, he made a move on me.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	More coffee over here, please!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Well, what happened?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Ooooohh!	Joyful
Ross Geller	My God.	Scared
Monica Geller	Are you sure?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh yeah, I'm sure. And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.	Scared
Monica Geller	Was it...?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.	Peaceful
Guys	Oooooo....	Joyful
Rachel Green	"Ooo," what?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Uma Thurman.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh!	Joyful
Ross Geller	The actress!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Thanks Rach.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	So what are you gonna do?	Neutral
Ross Geller	You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Feminist issue. That's where I went!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	She is gonna hate me.	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, well...	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That's patio furniture!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What about the birds?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You pick one.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right, how about the ladybugs?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds!	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hi Pheebs!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Are you moving out?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, these aren't all my suitcases. This one's Paolo's.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! Ok, um, ok, um,	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.	Sad
Rachel Green	Ok, thanks Pheebs Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies	Joyful
Rachel Green	All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Which proves that I never lie.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I guess you don't.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Paolo made a pass at me.	Sad

Chandler Bing	So, what do you think?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I know!	Joyful
Monica Geller	So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Heads up Ross! Score! You suck!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Are you okay?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I need some milk.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, I've got milk Here you go... Oh! Better?	Joyful
Rachel Green	No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!	Sad
Rachel Green	Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I don't know...right, he's the pig!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Such a pig!	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh, God, he's such a pig,	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh he's like a...	Mad
Rachel Green	He's like a big disgusting...	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	...like a...	Mad
Rachel Green	...pig...pig man!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, good! Ok...	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! I know! It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, Ok, Pheebs...	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	The end.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, God...	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Should I not have told you?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...	Sad

Phoebe Buffay	I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...	Neutral
Monica Geller	We should get over there and see if she's okay. Just one...second! Score! Game! Come on.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Come on, two on one.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!	Mad
Ross Geller	What, now?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!	Powerful

Monica Geller	Yes! And that would be a shut-down!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Shut-out!!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, get out!	Mad
Monica Geller	You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	One more game?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah!	Joyful

Rachel Green	That is it! You just barge in here, you don't knock	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm sorry!	Sad
Rachel Green	You have no respect for anybody's privacy!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Rachel, wait, wait.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, you wait! This is ridiculous!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Can I just say one thing?	Scared
Rachel Green	What? What?!	Mad
Chandler Bing	That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh!!	Mad

Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? Did you know this isn't Ma?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Sure. So how long you been...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Since then?!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	...I d'know.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You're one to talk.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Night, you guys.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?	Joyful
Ronni Rapalono	Oh, no thanks, I'm just waiting for, uh, Joey Tribbiani.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm Joey Tribbiani.	Peaceful
Ronni Rapalono	Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, you're gonna.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	No.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	You really think so?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah. I really do.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks, Chandler.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Get off!	Mad

Ronni Rapalono	Hi.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi...May I help you?	Neutral
Ronni Rapalono	Yeah, uh, Joey said I could use your shower, since, uh, Chandler's in ours?	Scared
Monica Geller	Okay...who are you?	Scared
Ronni Rapalono	Oh, I'm Ronni. Ronni Rappelano? The mistress?	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh, c'mon in.	Neutral
Ronni Rapalono	Thanks.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hi, I'm Rachel.	Joyful
Ronni Rapalono	Hi.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Bathroom's up there.	Neutral
Ronni Rapalono	Great.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?	Neutral
Ronni Rapalono	Oh, like, uh, five minutes?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. Hey, Mr. Trib.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Hey. Morning, dear.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What's the matter with you?!	Scared
Rachel Green	I thought it was Chandler!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What? What?	Scared
Rachel Green	You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.	Neutral

#ALL#	Hey, Pheebs.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	How's it going?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	So what's going on?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I dunno, there's just something about...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Basically we just feel that he's...	Neutral
Rachel Green	We hate that guy.	Mad
#ALL#	Yeah. Hate him.	Mad
Ross Geller	We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?	Neutral
#ALL#	...No, we hate him.	Mad
Rachel Green	We're sorry.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Ma! What're you doing here?	Joyful
Gloria Tribbiani	I came to give you this and this.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oww! Big ring!	Scared
Gloria Tribbiani	Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hold on, you-you knew?	Scared
Gloria Tribbiani	Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	So then how could you I mean, how could you?!	Mad
Gloria Tribbiani	Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?	Mad
Gloria Tribbiani	Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I'm...happy...for you?	Scared
Gloria Tribbiani	Well don't be, because now everything's screwed up. I just want it the way it was.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.	Sad
Gloria Tribbiani	I know you did, cookie. Oh, I know you did. So tell me. Did you see her?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is.	Joyful
Gloria Tribbiani	That's sweet. Could I take her?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	With this ring? No contest.	Joyful

Roger	What's wrong, sweetie?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Nothing, nothing.	Sad
Roger	Aaaah, what's wrong, c'mon.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.	Neutral
Roger	Oh. They don't.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...	Neutral
Roger	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Intense and creepy.	Scared
Roger	Oh.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	But I don't. Me, Phoebe.	Neutral
Roger	Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You're not? See, that's why you're so great!	Joyful
Roger	Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.	Powerful

Monica Geller	So you talked to your dad, huh.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.	Scared
Rachel Green	Wow.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.	Scared
Ross Geller	So Joey, you okay?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.	Sad
Rachel Green	Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.	Sad
Chandler Bing	If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hey, Pheebs.	Neutral
Monica Geller	How's it going?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.	Sad
#ALL#	Awww.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, right.	Neutral
#ALL#	Aaawwwwww!!	Sad
Rachel Green	What happened?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Hey, Joey. What's going on?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green.	Scared
Monica Geller	Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Sorry. Wrong boobies.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hello, Joey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani Sr.	Oh! ...Hello, dear.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Any contact?	Neutral
Ross Geller	She lent me an egg once.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You're in!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Aw, right.	Neutral
Woman	Hi, Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.	Neutral
Ross Geller	An egg?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I think it's winning.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I think it's insane.	Scared
Chandler Bing	She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Think it'll work?	Scared
Chandler Bing	No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.	Sad

Monica Geller	You can not do this.	Mad
Rachel Green	Do what, do what?	Scared
Monica Geller	Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!	Scared
Monica Geller	But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.	Mad
Ross Geller	Hi. She said yes.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	How do I look?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.	Joyful
Lorraine	Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	...And what did you bring?	Neutral
Lorraine	She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Janice?	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh.... my.... God.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, it's Janice.	Mad

Chandler Bing	Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!	Mad

Rachel Green	Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Which one was Pete Carney?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"	Mad
Monica Geller	Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two monthsI didn't get to win once.	Mad
Rachel Green	How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!	Mad
Monica Geller	I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.	Neutral
Monica Geller	There's more beer, right?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ok, well, what kind of ritual?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Or?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Burning's good.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.	Powerful

Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?	Sad
Chandler Bing	No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.	Powerful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Kiss me!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, Chandler, sorry.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Hi, Monica.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ok, well, this was very special.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Rach, come see who's out here!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh my god. Janice, hi!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Janice is gonna go away now.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I'll be right back.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, Joey, look who it is.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh, good, Joey's home now.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	This is so fun. This is like a reunion in the hall.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. He just happened to call.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know?	Joyful

Ross Geller	I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.	Neutral
Kristin	That's funny. Who are they?	Joyful
Ross Geller	The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.	Neutral
Kristin	You mean they're lovers.	Neutral
Ross Geller	If you wanna put a label on it.	Neutral
Kristin	Wow, uh, anything else I should know?	Scared
Ross Geller	Nope, nope, that's it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. Helloo!	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.	Neutral
Monica Geller	All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Can we just start throwing things in?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, yeah, ok. Oh, OK.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey he's wearing a sweater.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Eww!	Scared
Rachel Green	And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...	Scared

Chandler Bing	How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Hello, funny Valentine.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hi, Just Janice.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Hello, Joey, our little matchmaker. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	If you don't do it, I will.	Neutral

Ross Geller	So, um, what do you do for a living?	Neutral
Kristin	Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.. ...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.	Sad
Ross Geller	Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.	Scared
Kristin	I guess.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?	Joyful
Carol Willick	Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!	Joyful

Fireman No. 1	What do we got there?	Neutral
Fireman No. 2	A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!	Joyful
Monica Geller	You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.	Joyful
Fireman No. 3	It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.	Peaceful
Fireman No. 1	You're our third call tonight.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Really?	Joyful
Fireman No. 2	Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.	Joyful

Janice Litman Goralnik	I brought you something.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	I had them made special.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	That's fine.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It is?	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh no, you see, actually it is.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, no I don't.	Powerful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I did, but...	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Call me!	Neutral

Carol Willick	It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You did so. I swear, I swear How long has she been in the bathroom?	Mad
Carol Willick	Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone.	Scared
Ross Geller	Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.	Neutral
Carol Willick	That could be it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Oh, I love you too. But...	Neutral
Ross Geller	No but, no but.	Scared
Carol Willick	You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.	Neutral
Ross Geller	That's easy for you to say, you found one already.	Neutral
Carol Willick	All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Not her.	Neutral

Fireman No. 3	We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?	Neutral
Rachel Green	So, um, will you bring the truck?	Neutral
Fireman No. 3	I'll even let you ring the bell.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, my god.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	See, there you go, the cleansing works!	Joyful
Monica Geller	They're nice guys.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, they're firemen guys.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	This is unbelievable. Its been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, youd be looking like a ham right about now.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Theres the waitress. Excuse me, Miss. Hello, Miss?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Its Phoebe! Hi!	Joyful
Ursula	Hi. Okay, will that be all?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?	Peaceful
Ursula	Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, "Excuse me, hello Miss," so now Im here.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No, no... how come you are working here?	Neutral
Ursula	Right, yeah, cause its close to where I live, and the aprons are really cute.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Can we start over?	Neutral
Ursula	Yeah. Okay great. Im gonna be over here.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, no, no!	Mad

Woman	Hi, were the Rostins. Err, Im J.C., and hes Michael, and were having a boy, and a girl.	Neutral
Teacher	Good for you. Alrighty, next?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?	Scared
Teacher	Im sorry, I didnt get... Susan is?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Susan is Carols, Carols, Carols, friend...	Scared
Carol Willick	Life partner.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Like buddies.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Like lovers.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You know how close women can get.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Susan and I live together.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Although I was married to her.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Carol, not me.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Err, right.	Scared
Carol Willick	Its a little complicated.	Neutral
Ross Geller	A little.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	But were fine.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Absolutely. So, twins... hah! Thats like two births. Ouch.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	And to you too, Helen.	Mad
Helen	Nina Bookbinder is here to see you.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, okay. Send her in.	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	Hi.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hi, Nina. Come on in.	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	You wanted to see me?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.	Mad
Nina Bookbinder	Which is bad, because?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.	Mad
Nina Bookbinder	Your... excuse me?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net...	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."	Neutral

Ross Geller	Sorry.	Sad
Ross Geller	Hi. Sorry Im late. Wheres, wheres Carol?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Stuck at school. Some parent-teacher thing. You can go. I'll get the information.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	Oh, good. Thisll be fun.	Joyful
Teacher	Alrighty. Were gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why dont you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummys head.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What? What? What?	Scared
Susan Bunch	I am supposed to be the mommy?	Scared
Ross Geller	Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.	Mad
Ross Geller	I see. So what do you propose to do?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	I will flip you for it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Flip me for it? No, no, no... heads, heads, heads!	Neutral
Susan Bunch	On your back... Mom.	Neutral
Teacher	Alright, Mommies, take a nice deep cleansing breath.	Neutral
Teacher	Good. Now imagine your vagina is opening like a flower.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Mr. D, hows it going, sir?	Neutral
Mr. Douglas	Ohh, its been better. The Annual Net Usage Statistics are in.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	And?	Neutral
Mr. Douglas	Its pretty ugly. We havent seen an ANUS this bad since the seventies.	Sad
Chandler Bing	So what does this mean?	Neutral
Mr. Douglas	Well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;	Scared
Mr. Douglas	Not you. Relax. Ever have to fire anyone?	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Nina? Nina. Nina. Nina.	Scared
Nina Bookbinder	Are you okay?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please dont hate me.	Scared
Nina Bookbinder	What?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Would you like to have dinner sometime?	Joyful

Chandler Bing	And thats the Chrysler Building right there.	Neutral
Mr. Douglas	Nina.	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	Mr.Douglas... ..cool tie.	Joyful
Mr. Douglas	Shes still here.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.	Sad
Mr. Douglas	Youre kidding? She seems so...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.	Neutral
Mr. Douglas	Thats unbelievable.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.	Neutral
Mr. Douglas	I see. I guess you never really know whats goin on inside a persons head.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, I guess thats why they call it psychology, sir.	Neutral

Soothing Male Voice	..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.	Joyful
Teacher	Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Susan, go deep.	Neutral
Carol Willick	This is impossible. Its just impossible.	Mad
Susan Bunch	What is, honey?	Neutral
Carol Willick	What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"	Mad
Susan Bunch	Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.	Scared
Susan Bunch	I mean, thats what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?	Scared

Ross Geller	Im gonna be a father.	Scared
Rachel Green	This is just occurring to you?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I always knew I was havin a baby, I just never realised the baby was having me.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, youre gonna be great!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Aw, how can you say that? I cant even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?	Scared
Chandler Bing	You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wherere you going?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Out.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	With?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yes.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Alright, could I just ask you one question?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, not that its any of your business, but, no, we havent, okay?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	You meant sex, right?	Neutral

Nina Bookbinder	Do you have a sec?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ah, sure, Nina. Whats up?	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	I dont know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	Maybe. But that doesnt explain why they keep taking my scissors.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ah, well, maybe thats, ah, because youre getting a big raise.	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	I am?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Sure, why not?	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	Oh my god! Youre amazing!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?	Neutral
Helen	So you still want me to send her psychological profile to Personnel?	Neutral
Nina Bookbinder	What?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Helen drinks. Will you marry me?	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Well, I ended up telling her everything.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, howd she take it?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: if youre ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... ..on the desk.	Mad
Monica Geller	Okay, I think I get how to do this.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I cant, I cant watch.	Scared
Monica Geller	okay, Pheebs, theyre gone.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Are you alright?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...	Sad
Rachel Green	Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?	Mad
Monica Geller	No.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh... Oh, Pheebs.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...	Sad
Chandler Bing	Youre not gonna lose him.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Hon, you gotta talk to Joey.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Okay.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, come on, he doesnt know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	But hes falling in love with her.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay... Okay.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay, oh.	Neutral
Ursula	Oh.	Scared
Ursula	Yeah, um, may we help you?	Neutral

Monica Geller	Rachel, what are you doing? Its freezing out here. Would you come back inside?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... ..Im takin em down. Okay? Whoa!	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh-my-god Rachel! Rachel!	Scared
Rachel Green	Im okay! Im okay! Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please?	Joyful
Mr. Heckles	See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about.	Neutral

Ross Geller	I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	That's nice.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.	Scared
Chandler Bing	What are you crazy? That's a baby!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	He should take the sack?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, only if you order stuff.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Wo-wo-whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	When's that?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Tonight.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, man. What're the odds of that happening?	Scared
Ross Geller	You take your time.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	There it is! So what're you gonna do?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.	Scared
Chandler Bing	And your friend Phoebe?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.	Powerful

Dr. Mitchell	..you add a pinch of saffron, it makes all the difference.	Neutral
Dr. Mitchell	Okay, errrr, Monica?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yes? ..yes, she is.	Sad
Rachel Green	Hi, this is my friend Rachel.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi.	Peaceful
Dr. Mitchell	Hi, err Rachel. I'm Dr.Mitchell.	Joyful
Dr. Rosen	And I'm his friend, Dr.Rosen.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor?	Joyful
Dr. Rosen	Excuse me?	Scared
Rachel Green	I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Thank you.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Right.	Neutral

Rachel Green	..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uh, you left out the stupid part.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."	Joyful
Monica Geller	I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.	Scared
Rachel Green	What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright, what have we learned so far?	Neutral
The Whole Party	SURPRISE!!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.	Scared
Rachel Green	Was that the cake?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Come on, she'll be here any minute.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I hope it's okay.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	"Happy Birthday Peehe."	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well maybe we can make a, a, a 'B' out of one of those roses.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, we'll just use our special cake tools.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, what's going on?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, we just...	Neutral
Phoebe's Friends	Surprise!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Did you see Betty?	Neutral

Ross Geller	I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"	Neutral
Ross Geller	Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;	Neutral
Ross Geller	Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?	Scared
Ross Geller	No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.	Neutral
Ross Geller	'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, we can go to Williamsburg.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Eat your fish.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!	Scared
Monica Geller	Ross, he's got the remote again.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Good. Maybe he can switch it back.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Maybe not.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hello? Um, yeah, uh, Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.	Neutral
Rachel Green	It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?	Scared
Monica Geller	I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!	Scared
Rachel Green	Okay no, you do it.	Scared
Monica Geller	Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down. Thank you.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Monica Geller	We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohhh... Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thank you.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, let me just change.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yes.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Trouble?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Your sister stood me up the other night.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Well did you try calling her?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.	Sad

Rachel Green	Hi, remember us?	Neutral
Nurse Sizemore	Mmm hmmm.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...	Scared
Nurse Sizemore	You're that stupid.	Mad
Monica Geller	I am. I'm that stupid.	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.	Peaceful
Nurse Sizemore	Well, you know your insurance will cover that.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, I know... ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.	Scared

Chandler Bing	Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.	Scared
Ross Geller	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.	Sad
Ross Geller	Do you have a point?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You know, you think I would.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What's up with the simian?	Neutral
Ross Geller	It's just a fur ball.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay... ..whose turn is it?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I had a 'K'. Where's where's my 'K'?	Neutral

Ross Geller	You've got to help me my monkey swallowed a 'K'!	Scared
Nurse Sizemore	You go get that animal outta here.	Mad
Ross Geller	No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.	Scared
Monica Geller	What's goin' on?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh.	Scared
Nurse Sizemore	Excuse me... This hospital is for people!	Mad
Ross Geller	Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart!	Scared
Dr. Mitchell	I'll take a look at him.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, thank you.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Michael.	Neutral
Dr. Mitchell	Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Monica.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Urse...	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	..ah, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Listen, um...	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No, no, no, don't say "listen." I know that "listen." I've said that "listen."	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	: Yeah, um... You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	You don't drink.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, Urse...	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	no. No, I, I couldn't do that.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Then, uh, then I'm sorry.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	You know... You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I know...	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Really?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Pheebs?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Oooh...	Scared

Ross Geller	He looks so tiny.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	We just got the message.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Is he alright?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.	Scared
Chandler Bing	We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.'	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine, he's just sleeping now.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	So, you feel like a dad yet?	Sad
Ross Geller	No, why?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, look, he's waking up!	Joyful
Ross Geller	hey, fella! How you doing?	Powerful

Ross Geller	Aqui est.	Joyful
Monica Geller	A quin pidio el pollo General Tso?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Pudo aver sido General Tso!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Mira, Mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop!	Joyful
#ALL#	Ewww!	Mad
#ALL#	Hola, Joey!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hola, amigos!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele!	Joyful

Ross Geller	Alright boys, let's eat.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?	Neutral
Ross Geller	You still on that?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"	Mad
Ross Geller	You are way off, pal.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one timenot any more. I justI...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Marcel! Where are you going with that disc?	Neutral
Ross Geller	You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OKif you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble.	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Alright.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm gonna pay for that tonight.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!	Joyful
#ALL#	That's great! That's wonderful!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...	Joyful
Monica Geller	OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, we should. I think we should.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Alright.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Alright...	Neutral

Ross Geller	So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Alright, here's my $7.50. But I think you should know that this money is cursed.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.	Joyful
Monica Geller	You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.	Mad
Rachel Green	Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, time's up.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Bye... bye... BIRDIE.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	That's a bird?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	That's a bird!	Joyful
Rachel Green	OK, OK, it's my turn.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Go.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Uh.... bean! Bean!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	The Unbearable Likeness of Being!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yes!	Joyful
Monica Geller	That, you get? That, you get?	Neutral

Monica Geller	Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Thank you. Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh. Right. ...Oh great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What is it?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Barry who you almost...?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Barry who I almost.	Neutral
Monica Geller	And Mindy, your maid of...?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Mindy, my maid of. Oh!	Powerful
Monica Geller	That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. Lucky. To have had a friend like you.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	I can't believe we are even having this discussion.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	She really said that?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	'Tonight' tonight?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.	Neutral

Ross Geller	It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?	Scared
Rachel Green	That'd be good.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Alright. The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...	Scared
Barry Farber	Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Barry?!	Neutral
Barry Farber	I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh!	Neutral
Ross Geller	We have got to start locking that door!	Neutral

Monica Geller	This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Nope.	Neutral
Monica Geller	That's because I'm in front of them.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Eh. I thought that was an alp.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, high school was not my favourite time.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I have no idea. But look how much they spent!	Mad
Rachel Green	Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I know. It's just such reckless spending.	Sad
Ross Geller	I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.	Joyful
Monica Geller	That's me.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again!	Scared
Ross Geller	Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- come here, Marcel-	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.	Scared
Monica Geller	Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What? It's, it's just a phase.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, that's what we said about Joey...	Joyful
Ross Geller	Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!	Mad
Ross Geller	What?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.	Sad

Rachel Green	Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.	Neutral
Monica Geller	This woman's living my life.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.	Sad
Rachel Green	You're not an artist.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Nooo...	Sad
Monica Geller	This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.	Mad

Chandler Bing	How about Joey... Pepponi?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Joey... Switzerland?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. Which I'm not.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well, it does not ring a bell with me...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Might wanna try Joseph.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi. Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	What are you doing?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Alright, great. Thanks a lot. I'm going to tap class.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?	Neutral
Monica Geller	This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.	Mad

Ross Geller	Hi.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Where've you been?	Scared
Ross Geller	At the vet.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?	Mad
Ross Geller	She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! He beat ya.	Joyful
Ross Geller	She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So what does this mean?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm gonna have to give him up.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!	Mad
Chandler Bing	I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Isn't there any way you can keep him?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	How do you get a monkey into a zoo?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey. We found her, we found the girl.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Did you call the cops?	Scared
Rachel Green	Nope. We took her to lunch.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.	Mad
Monica Geller	Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.	Mad
Chandler Bing	...Take off their hats!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.	Joyful

Rachel Green	No way. No way did you do this.	Scared
Fake Monica	Monana was very brave.	Powerful
Monica Geller	It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!	Joyful
Fake Monica	So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...	Joyful
Monica Geller	...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!	Mad
Rachel Green	Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.	Powerful
Fake Monica	Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.	Neutral
Monica Geller	'Scuse me?	Scared
Fake Monica	There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.	Scared
Fake Monica	Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What?	Scared
Fake Monica	Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.	Mad
Fake Monica	I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Fake Monica	I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, somebody will.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You're kidding.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Y'know, you'd think I would've.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	...Flame Boy.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Where exactly is your zoo?	Neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yes.	Neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Does he, uh, fight with other animals?	Scared
Ross Geller	No-no, he's, he's very docile.	Neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Even if he were... cornered?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well I, I don't know. Why?	Neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Uh, how is he at handling small objects?	Neutral
Ross Geller	He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean...	Neutral
Dr. Baldhara	How about a hammer, or a small blade?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Why- why- why would he need a blade?	Scared
Dr. Baldhara	Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	...He's in.	Neutral
Ross Geller	He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!	Joyful
Dr. Baldhara	You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Yo- hooo!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Where the hell've you been?	Mad
Monica Geller	Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Are you drunk?!	Mad
Monica Geller	Noooo! I'm lying. I am so drunk.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...	Scared
Rachel Green	Monica? Monica!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Water rules!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?	Scared
Monica Geller	Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!	Mad
Monica Geller	No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	They've arrested Monica.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Fake Monica	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	How are you?	Neutral
Fake Monica	I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.	Mad
Fake Monica	That I was not expecting.	Scared
Monica Geller	I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.	Sad
Fake Monica	Oh. Thanks.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!	Joyful
Fake Monica	Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?	Sad
Fake Monica	Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Well, not... worried, just... wondering.	Sad
Fake Monica	There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Not necessarily...	Neutral
Fake Monica	Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Um, I'm not actually Amish.	Neutral
Fake Monica	Really? Then why are you like that?	Neutral

Announcement	This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.	Sad
Ross Geller	Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Just, just say what you feel.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Marcel, I'm hungry.	Neutral
Ross Geller	That was good.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.	Peaceful
#ALL#	Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.	Mad

Actor	Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek...	Scared
Casting Director No. 1	That's fine, thank you.	Neutral
Casting Director No. 2	Next.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio.	Scared
Casting Director No. 2	Name?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Holden McGroin.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Tell him.	Powerful
Rachel Green	No.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Tell him, tell him.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Just...please tell him.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Shut up!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Tell me what?	Scared
Monica Geller	Look at you, you won't even look at him.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.	Scared
Rachel Green	All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Doing it on this table.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Wow!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Exellent dream score.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Why, why, why would you dream that?	Scared
Chandler Bing	More importantly, was I any good?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, you were pretty damn good.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I love it, when we share.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You're okay there?	Scared
Ross Geller	I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Can you hear that?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh. Uh, I'm on.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Mr. Bing's office. No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ross says hi.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ah!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, now, I actually have to get to work.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Most likely. Okay, I'm gonna be out there.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	All right. Bye bye.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Bye bye.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Whatcha doin'?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ooh.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?	Scared
Rachel Green	Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What?	Scared
Rachel Green	Could tonight be the Night?	Joyful
Monica Geller	I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.	Scared
Rachel Green	So, did you shave your legs?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Rachel Green	A-ha!	Joyful

Monica Geller	What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.	Scared
Ethan	I just had sex.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?	Scared
Ethan	Well, you never told me how old you were.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?	Scared
Ethan	I wasn't thinking. I was too busy fallin'...	Joyful
Monica Geller	Don't say it.	Mad
Ethan	...in love with you.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Really?	Neutral
Ethan	Sorry.	Sad
Monica Geller	Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.	Mad
Ethan	Who?	Neutral

Chandler Bing	I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You were great. But they still made fun of you.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Then, I don't get it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	They do?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I just wan't to...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, but you can't.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	But I just wa...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Uh uh.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Aren't you gonna...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What about Andre?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.	Neutral
Ethan	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	That was gonna be my opener.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I thought that was just a rumour.	Neutral
Rachel Green	True story.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	They're here already?	Neutral
Ethan	All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	It was.	Neutral
Ethan	Then, what's the problem?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ethan, it's um... it's icky.	Neutral
Ethan	Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?	Scared
Monica Geller	This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...	Neutral
Ethan	No, don't say it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	...love you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Are you're hands still wet?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, moist, yeah.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Let's dry 'em again.	Neutral

Gerston	Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? Hey, Chandler.	Mad
Santos	Hello, Mr. Bing.	Neutral
Petrie	Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.	Scared
Santos	Sure.	Neutral
Gerston	No problem.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Petrie.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Oooooooooh. Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Ross?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	I'm here.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just... Wow!	Joyful
Ross Geller	What? Great, now I'm having a baby.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Ross Geller	Ooh, Ooh.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What?	Joyful
Ross Geller	I'm having... I'm having a baby. I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?	Scared
Rachel Green	I don't know where the phone is.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ross?	Sad
Ross Geller	I'm hurt.	Sad

Ross Geller	Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, save it for the cab, okay.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.	Scared
Ross Geller	Joey, get out of the fridge.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	All right, all right.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What is that?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	For the ride.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, like in a cab...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Save it.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay, hating this.	Mad
Ross Geller	Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.	Joyful
Ross Geller	That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right, I'm going. I'm going.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Here we go, here we go.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Rossy, Rossy.	Neutral

Ross Geller	She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.	Scared
Monica Geller	I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Do we have to know about that?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.	Joyful
Ross Geller	God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What, it's ok when Chandler does it?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	You have to pick your moments.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Did I miss it, did I miss it?	Joyful
Ross Geller	She's not even here yet.	Scared
Monica Geller	What's with the guitar?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Where the hell have you been?	Mad
Susan Bunch	We stopped at the gift shop.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I used to have that bumper sticker.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You see what I mean.	Mad

Ross Geller	Stopped for a Chunky.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Let it go, Ross.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	I got an extra one. You want this?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No.	Sad
Dr. Franzblau	Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Dr. Franzblau, hi.	Neutral
Dr. Franzblau	So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?	Joyful
Carol Willick	Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.	Neutral
Ross Geller	59 seconds. Quartz, ha.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Swiss quartz, ha, ha.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Am I allowed to drink anything?	Neutral
Dr. Franzblau	Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'll get it.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.	Powerful
Ross Geller	I got itI'm getting it!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Thanks.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	And if you need anything else, I do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.	Joyful
Dr. Franzblau	It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, that's funny!	Joyful

Monica Geller	I want a baby.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.	Sad
Monica Geller	Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.	Joyful
Lydia	Knick fan?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, yeah.	Neutral
Lydia	Oh, boy, do they suck.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, listen, lady.... ...whoa.	Scared
Lydia	Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah? And who do you like?	Neutral
Lydia	The Celtics.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?	Powerful
Lydia	Oh, shut up. You know, it's a rebuilding year. You... waah!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!	Joyful
Lydia	There is no father.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, oh, oh, sorry.	Sad
Lydia	Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.	Neutral
Lydia	Ok.	Neutral

Lydia	Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Tribbiani.	Neutral
Lydia	Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hi, yeah, it's me. Oh, no no no, we're just friends. Yeah, I'm single. 25. An actor. Hello?	Neutral
Lydia	She's not much of a phone person.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?	Mad
Lydia	Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Ok, look, maybe I should just go.	Sad
Lydia	Maybe you should.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Good luck, and uh, take care, huh?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.	Powerful
Lydia	Oh, that is so not true.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, it is.	Neutral
Lydia	It isn't.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	It is.	Neutral
Lydia	Isn't!	Mad

Nurse Sizemore	Breathe, breathe, breathe...	Scared
Lydia	Oh, no.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Ew! What is that? Something exploded!	Scared
Nurse Sizemore	It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?	Scared
Nurse Sizemore	Breathe, breathe, breathe.	Peaceful

Ross Geller	Please. This is so your fault.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	How, how is this my fault?	Scared
Ross Geller	Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.	Scared
Susan Bunch	Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?	Neutral
Susan Bunch	You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, I'm threatened by you?	Mad
Susan Bunch	Yes.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, Susan.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?	Neutral

Carol Willick	Are they here yet?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Ok.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Ok.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.	Joyful
Dr. Franzblau	It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.	Joyful

Dr. Franzblau	I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?	Scared
Dr. Franzblau	No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.	Sad
Rachel Green	Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors.	Joyful
Dr. Franzblau	No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh.	Neutral
Dr. Franzblau	I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I'm a waitress.	Neutral
Dr. Franzblau	Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah. Gotcha.	Neutral
Dr. Franzblau	I'm gonna go check up on your friend.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok. That's fine.	Neutral

Lydia	So how did you know I was even here?	Neutral
Guy	Your mom called me. So is this her?	Neutral
Lydia	No, this is a loaner.	Neutral
Guy	I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.	Sad
Lydia	I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?	Neutral
Guy	Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.	Mad
Lydia	Yeah, they're not so bad.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.	Mad
Susan Bunch	The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?	Scared
Susan Bunch	You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.	Scared
Ross Geller	Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	This is so great.	Joyful
Ross Geller	You wanna explain that?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.	Sad

Carol Willick	Where are they?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I'm sure they'll be here soon.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You are really frightening me.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple?	Mad
Dr. Franzblau	All right, ten centimeters, here we go.	Neutral
Nurse Sizemore	All right, honey, time to start pushing.	Neutral
Carol Willick	But they're not here yet!	Scared
Dr. Franzblau	I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.	Sad
Carol Willick	Oh, god.	Scared

Ross Geller	Ok, got the vent open.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben.	Peaceful
Susan Bunch	What do you see?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Phoebs, It's open! It's open!	Joyful
Janitor	Wait! You forgot your legs!	Powerful

#ALL#	Push, push!	Powerful
Ross Geller	We're here!	Joyful
Carol Willick	Where have you been?	Mad
Ross Geller	Long story, honey.	Peaceful
Dr. Franzblau	All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?	Powerful
Nurse Sizemore	All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!	Joyful
#ALL#	Good luck!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?	Joyful
Nurse Sizemore	Out!	Mad
Dr. Franzblau	All right, he's crowning. Here he comes.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?	Scared
Carol Willick	Not.... helping!	Mad
Dr. Franzblau	You're doing great, you're doing fine.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hello! Oh, sorry.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	What do you see? What do you see?	Joyful
Ross Geller	We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Oh, look at that.	Joyful
Carol Willick	What does he look like?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.	Joyful
Carol Willick	Really?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You guys, he's beautiful!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, thanks, Pheebs!	Joyful

Susan Bunch	No shouting, but we still need a name for this little guy.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	How 'bout Ben?	Peaceful
Susan Bunch	I like Ben.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?	Neutral
Ross Geller	We uh, we just cooked it up.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	That's what we were off doing.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Can we come in?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Susan, he looks just like you.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Thanks.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.	Scared
Chandler Bing	I know, I still am one of these.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ross, can I?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	The head, the head. You gotta...	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this. And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.	Joyful
Monica Geller	He is so amazing.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, I know. Look at him.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. Look, he's opening his eyes.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	He doesn't do much, does he?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, this is pretty much it.	Neutral
Rachel Green	You guys wanna get some coffee?	Joyful
#ALL#	Yeah.	Neutral
Ross Geller	All right, I'll see you guys later.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.	Joyful

Ross Geller	And here's little Ben nodding off...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!	Joyful
Ross Geller	That would be nice.	Sad
Rachel Green	Pardon?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	... And where's this money coming from?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What kind of research?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, just, y'know.... science.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	... It's a fertility study.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!	Joyful

Rachel Green	I mean, this is unbelievable.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know. This is really, really huge.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	OK, is there a mute button on this woman?	Powerful
Monica Geller	I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?	Joyful
Rachel Green	No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	H-He's in China!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	The country.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, no, wait. His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What about the time difference?	Neutral
Monica Geller	From here to the airport?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yes! You're never gonna make it!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Rachel, what're you gonna say to him?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I-I-I don't know.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well then maybe you shouldn't go.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Here, look, alright, does this help?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first!	Joyful

Flight Attendant	Alright!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ni-chou chi-ma!	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....	Neutral
Flight Attendant	Hi!	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi.	Joyful
Flight Attendant	May I see your boarding pass?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend.	Neutral
Flight Attendant	Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, I know, but Ihe just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...	Neutral
Flight Attendant	No no no! Federal regulations!	Scared
Rachel Green	OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.	Mad
Flight Attendant	Alright. What's the message?	Scared
Rachel Green	Uh... I don't know.	Neutral
Flight Attendant	Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.	Sad
Man	What?	Powerful
Flight Attendant	It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.	Scared
Man	: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.	Joyful

Melanie	Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Heh, heh. It was nothin'.	Joyful
Melanie	Well, now we've gotta find something fun for you!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.	Scared
Melanie	M-Me again?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Sure! Why not?	Joyful
Melanie	Boy, somebody's gonna get a big fruit basket tomorrow.	Joyful
Melanie	Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	How do you mean?	Neutral
Melanie	I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.	Joyful

Monica Geller	Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.	Scared
Monica Geller	Sure.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Another good point.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Huh?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?	Scared
Monica Geller	Why isn't it working out?	Scared
Rachel Green	I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.	Scared
Monica Geller	Is he not cute enough for you?	Mad
Rachel Green	No!	Sad
Monica Geller	Does he not make enough money?	Mad
Rachel Green	No, I'm just....	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Maybe there's someone else.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Wha...	Joyful
Monica Geller	Is there? Is there someone else?	Mad
Rachel Green	No! There is.. there is noone else!	Scared
Monica Geller	Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?	Scared

Chandler Bing	Hey, big...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Shhhh!	Scared
Chandler Bing	...spender.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	She's still asleep.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So how'd it go?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I didn't know you had another level.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I know! Neither did I!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh, from who?	Neutral
Rachel Green	From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh, why?	Scared
Rachel Green	Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...	Scared
Monica Geller	No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!	Scared
Rachel Green	Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...	Scared
Monica Geller	I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Who is it?	Neutral
Intercom	It's me, Carl.	Neutral
Rachel Green	C'mon up.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Behind my brother's back? ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Seven hundred bucks!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?	Joyful

Rachel Green	Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.	Scared
Man	For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel!	Mad
Ross Geller	Oh, hey, hey, I got that.	Neutral
Julie	Oh, thanks, sweetie.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.	Neutral
Julie	Really?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Julie	You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?	Scared
Ross Geller	No, no, they will. I just... uh...	Neutral
Julie	Can't wait.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Come on, they're gonna love you.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Rach!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you?	Joyful
Ross Geller	It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?	Scared
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Ross Geller	You're bleeding.	Scared
Rachel Green	I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.	Joyful
Rachel Green	These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.	Neutral
Julie	Thank you. I'm from New York.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.	Peaceful

Ross Geller	Hey, Rach, can I get some coffee?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, sure.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Thank you.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, Rach, can I get...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Did you talk to him?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Not yet.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Then, no.	Mad
Chandler Bing	So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?	Mad
Chandler Bing	God?	Scared
Ross Geller	It was you, pal.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, maybe it was God, doing me.	Scared
Ross Geller	Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, you owe me one, big guy.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Here's your lemonade.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I didn't order lemonade.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.	Neutral
Ross Geller	But...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?	Scared
Chandler Bing	He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.	Sad
Rachel Green	How is that the silver lining?	Mad
Chandler Bing	You have to really wanna see it.	Powerful

Joey Tribbiani	You know, I think I was sixteen.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Please, just a little bit off the back.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm still on "no."	Powerful
Rachel Green	Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No-no-no-no-no, I'm not fallin' for that again.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	What's goin' on?	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.	Mad
Chandler Bing	What stupid thing did you do?	Mad
Paulo	Bon giorno tutti!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Ewww!	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	All right, that's it, I quit.	Mad
Monica Geller	What? I didn't say anything.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.	Mad
Monica Geller	I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.	Mad
Monica Geller	How who wears it?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Demi Moore.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Demi Moore is not a he.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.	Neutral
Monica Geller	That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh. Oh!	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh my God!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God!	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh my God!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?	Scared
Monica Geller	She's the actress that was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, she's got gorgeous hair.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I know!	Mad

Monica Geller	Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.	Mad
Ross Geller	I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thank you. My hair is very amused.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Thank you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rach.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Wait, are you leaving?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, can I talk to you for a sec?	Scared
Ross Geller	Okay.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, when the doctor does that hernia test...	Scared
Chandler Bing	That's ok.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	What's goin' on?	Scared
Rachel Green	Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?	Mad
Ross Geller	Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?	Scared
Rachel Green	No. No-no-no-no.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.	Mad
Rachel Green	Really?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	No, I think that was the whole all.	Sad
Ross Geller	Okay. Okay. Okay.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants.	Mad

Julie	I was thinking of doing it a little shorter, you know, like Andie McDowell's new haircut?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh yeah! Oh, I can do that.	Joyful
Julie	Really?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You wanna do it right now?	Scared
Julie	Great!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?	Scared
Rachel Green	No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	You're welcome.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Oh, is he hungry already?	Neutral
Carol Willick	I guess so.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You know, it's... something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I gotta get one, too.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What are you guys doing?	Scared
Chandler Bing	We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.	Mad
Ross Geller	Carol?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Sure.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, does it hurt?	Scared
Carol Willick	It did at first, but not anymore.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Chandler?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So, uh, how often can you do it?	Scared
Carol Willick	As much as he needs.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?	Joyful

Julie	Rachel, do you have any muffins left?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, I forget which ones.	Neutral
Julie	Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one?	Neutral
#ALL#	No thanks.	Neutral
Julie	Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Thank you. What a bitch.	Mad
Julie	Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ok, um, I'll go with you.	Neutral
Julie	Great.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi, honey.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, sweetums.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hello to the rest.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hi!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?	Neutral
Monica Geller	It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.	Mad
Monica Geller	But I'm...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.	Scared
Ross Geller	So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.	Neutral
Ross Geller	It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.	Joyful
Monica Geller	You're welcome.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Woof, woof.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Hey Annabelle.	Joyful
Annabelle	Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Who?	Scared
Annabelle	Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man.	Joyful
Hombre Man	Hombre?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What's he doin' in my section?	Scared
Annabelle	I guess he doesn't know.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?	Mad
Hombre Man	Mornin'.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.	Mad
Hombre Man	Your territory, huh?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. Bijan for men?	Powerful
Guy	No thanks.	Neutral
Hombre Man	Hombre?	Neutral
Guy	Yeah. All right.	Joyful
Hombre Man	You were saying?	Powerful

Monica Geller	Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	We were shopping, and we had lunch.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, all right. What did I have?	Neutral
Monica Geller	You had a salad.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey, guys, what's up.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.	Scared
Rachel Green	You went shopping for fur?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs.	Scared
Rachel Green	You bought boobs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for... Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.	Scared
Annabelle	Oh, actually I sorta have plans.	Sad
Hombre Man	Ready, Annabelle?	Neutral
Annabelle	You bet. Maybe some other time?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?!	Joyful

Carol Willick	Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, this is so cute.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	Oh, I got that for him.	Joyful
Ross Geller	My mommies love me. That's clever.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Did you just say Hi, Jew?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Ben, dinner!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What did you just do?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I licked my arm, what?	Powerful
Ross Geller	It's breast milk.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	So?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What is the big deal?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What did you just do?	Scared
Ross Geller	Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	You won't even taste it?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	No!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.	Sad
Carol Willick	Hey!	Joyful
Carol Willick	How did we do?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I did not freak out.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Why'd you freak out?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Because it's breast milk. It's gross.	Scared
Carol Willick	My breast milk is gross?	Mad
Susan Bunch	This should be fun.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	That would be no.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Come on. It doesn't taste bad.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Cantaloupe juice.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Exactly.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You've tasted it? You've tasted it.	Scared
Susan Bunch	Uh huh.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, you've tasted it.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Gimme the bottle. Gimme the towel.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Howdy.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.	Sad
Chandler Bing	What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.	Mad
Chandler Bing	All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah I guess you're right.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I'm gonna do it.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.	Joyful

Monica Geller	I don't know what else to say.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.	Powerful
Monica Geller	I feel terrible, I really do.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?	Mad
Monica Geller	Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?	Scared
Rachel Green	Yes.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	It's that terrible?	Scared
Rachel Green	Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.	Sad
Monica Geller	Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.	Scared
Rachel Green	I love you too.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?	Scared
Rachel Green	I'd do anything for you, you know that.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I'd do anything for you.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Wait, wait, wait, wait!	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Mornin'. I said, mornin'.	Mad
Hombre Man	I heard ya.	Neutral
Store Guy	All right, everybody, I'm openin' the doors. You boys ready?	Neutral
Hombre Man	Ready.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, I'm ready.	Powerful
Customer	You idiot, you stupid cowboy, you blinded me, I'm suing!	Mad
Store Guy	Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do?	Mad
Hombre Man	I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.	Scared
Annabelle	My god, what happened?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?	Neutral
Annabelle	Sure.	Neutral

Julie	So.	Neutral
Rachel Green	So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?	Scared
Julie	I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.	Scared
Rachel Green	Really? Me?	Scared
Julie	Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, you're not totally paranoid.	Neutral
Julie	Oy.	Sad
Rachel Green	Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.	Sad
Julie	Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.	Joyful
Julie	I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.	Neutral
Rachel Green	All right, Julie.	Neutral
Julie	Bye.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Bye. What a manipulative bitch.	Mad

Monica Geller	Mr. Heckles.	Neutral
Rachel Green	How did this happen?	Neutral
Mr. Treeger	He musta been sweepin'. They found a broom in his hand.	Sad
Monica Geller	That's terrible.	Sad
Mr. Treeger	I know. I was sweepin' yesterday. It coulda been me.	Sad
Ross Geller	Sure, sweepin'. You never know.	Sad
Mr. Treeger	You never know.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Ok, Phoebe.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Such as?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Nah. Not really.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You don't believe in evolution?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I just don't buy it.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, don't get me started on gravity.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	You uh, you don't believe in gravity?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.	Joyful

Mr. Treeger	There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What can we do for you?	Joyful
Buddy Boyles	All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, what about his family?	Sad
Buddy Boyles	He didn't have any.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Ok, so let's talk money.	Peaceful
Buddy Boyles	All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.	Powerful

Ross Geller	How can you not believe in evolution?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Really? You can actually see it?	Neutral
Ross Geller	You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	See, I didn't know that.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, there you go.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.	Mad
Rachel Green	What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.	Joyful
Monica Geller	It doesn't go with any of my stuff.	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, what about my stuff?	Mad
Monica Geller	You don't have any stuff.	Powerful
Rachel Green	You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?	Mad
Monica Geller	No.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.	Mad
Monica Geller	Mmmmm.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.	Powerful

Ross Geller	Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Please tell me you're joking.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.	Mad
Ross Geller	No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.	Mad
Ross Geller	Is there blood coming out of my ears?	Scared

Monica Geller	Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hide the Lamp.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Monica, let it go.	Mad
Monica Geller	Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.	Scared
Ross Geller	Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	It's the only possibility, Phoebe.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I can't believe you caved.	Joyful
Ross Geller	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?	Joyful

Rachel Green	Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.	Mad
Stranger	Hi.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi, hi can I help you?	Neutral
Stranger	Yeah, I'm looking for Phoebe, does she still live here?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her.	Neutral
Stranger	Great. Uhh, just tell her her husband stopped by.	Powerful
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Stranger	Hey, how, how did you do that?	Scared

Ross Geller	So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.	Joyful
Julie	You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?	Joyful
Ross Geller	You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.	Mad
Monica Geller	Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.	Mad
Rachel Green	Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.	Mad
#ALL#	Woah.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Foxy lady.	Joyful
Julie	Where you goin'?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	The Ice Capades?	Scared
Chandler Bing	No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Hi.	Neutral
Duncan	Phoebe!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ta-da.	Joyful
Duncan	Hey.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hi.	Neutral
Duncan	Ahh, look at you, you look great.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Do I? Thank you, so do you.	Joyful
Duncan	Thanks.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.	Joyful
Duncan	You always said I'd make it.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo.	Joyful
Duncan	I missed you. I'm gonna get changed.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	OK.	Neutral
Duncan	Um, now. Phoebs.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, right, OK. Ole.	Joyful
Duncan	What?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, the matador. Ole, ha ha ha.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Julie, can you hold this for a second, thanks.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Uh, Julie.	Neutral
Julie	Yeah?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi everyone.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I just, I wanted to thank you for our uh, our little talk before.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing?	Scared
Ross Geller	Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	What did, what did he say?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .	Joyful

Chandler Bing	What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Pop it in.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.	Mad
Ross Geller	What's wrong with people having sex?	Scared
Rachel Green	Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.	Mad
Monica Geller	Hell, I wanna see Joey.	Joyful
Julie	So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.	Scared
Chandler Bing	OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.	Joyful
Monica Geller	All I say is, she better get the job.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Nice work my friend.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday.	Peaceful
Duncan	Oh, yeah, um, alright, I kinda need a divorce.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Ohh. . .K. How come?	Scared
Duncan	Umm, actually, I'm getting married again.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	What?	Mad
Duncan	Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Huuh.	Joyful
Duncan	Yeah, I know, I.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.	Mad
Duncan	I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	So how long have you known?	Peaceful
Duncan	Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	And um, and there's actually a, a woman?	Neutral
Duncan	Her name's Debra.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?	Scared
Duncan	Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Sure.	Scared
Duncan	But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'	Scared
Duncan	I'm, I'm still me.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago?	Mad

Monica Geller	You know, it still smells like monkey in there.	Scared
Julie	That saves us a conversation.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Me too, we should get goin'.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.	Scared
Monica Geller	Rachel, that's all we do.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?	Powerful
Julie	What about Julie?	Scared
Rachel Green	Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.	Scared
Julie	Well, that could take a while.	Joyful
Rachel Green	So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I got the time to get to know Julie.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I got time.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Rach, I know her pretty well, can I go? That's fine.	Joyful
Rachel Green	OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?	Joyful
Julie	Well, in a nutshell. . .	Neutral
Rachel Green	Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	So, um, have you told your parents?	Neutral
Duncan	No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.	Scared
Duncan	I love you Phoebe.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Man, I sure miss Julie.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.	Joyful
Ross Geller	You ever figure out what that thing's for?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Here comes the beep, you know what to do.	Neutral
Jade	Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What?	Joyful
Jade	I got a little drunk...and naked.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Bob here.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What've you been up to?	Neutral
Jade	Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I know.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm back.	Neutral
Jade	So, are we gonna get together or what?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?	Joyful
Jade	Great, I'll see you then.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh my god. You are pure evil.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this.	Joyful

Monica Geller	You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.	Sad
Ross Geller	Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.	Sad
Chandler Bing	So, let's go.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.	Sad
Monica Geller	You know, the guys are probably having a great time.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Come on you guys, one more time.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ok. One.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Nooo.	Scared
Monica Geller	That was amazing!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Excellent, that was excellent.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I can't believe the guys missed this.	Sad
Ross Geller	What guys? Oh, yeah.	Neutral
Steven Fisher	Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Do I know you?	Neutral
Steven Fisher	You used to be my babysitter.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?	Joyful
Steven Fisher	Good, good, I'm a lawyer now.	Joyful
Monica Geller	You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.	Sad
Steven Fisher	Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Uh, wait, backstage?	Neutral
Steven Fisher	Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ross.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Chandler.	Neutral
Steven Fisher	How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ok.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.	Peaceful
Terry	Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?	Neutral
Rachel Green	What's up?	Powerful
Terry	F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.	Neutral
Rachel Green	But what about Phoebe?	Mad
Terry	Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.	Mad
Terry	Uh--	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No, I got him.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No, seriously.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh, seriously you want him?	Scared
Caroline	Hello.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hello.	Neutral
Caroline	And who is this little cutie pie?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	You wanna smell him?	Joyful
Caroline	I assume we're talking about the baby now.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.	Joyful
Caroline	I think my uterus just skipped a beat.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?	Joyful
Caroline	I think it's great you guys are doing this.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, we are great guys.	Powerful
Caroline	You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?	Peaceful

Rachel Green	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, hi.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Here. I thought you might be cold.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Thank you.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.	Sad
Rachel Green	Do you?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Really? From who?	Scared
Rachel Green	Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.	Peaceful
Kid	Hi. Uh, did I accidentally drop a condom in your case? It's kind of an emergency.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Here you go.	Neutral
Kid	Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?	Sad
Rachel Green	So, how was the party?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No, not wieght... y'know, more like insulation.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.	Sad
Monica Geller	Please.	Neutral
#ALL#	C'mon. Let her. Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make.... hands... meet....	Joyful

Michael	I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.	Scared
Rachel Green	How long do cats live?	Scared
Michael	I'm sorry?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?	Neutral
Michael	Um, maybe 15, 16 years.	Neutral
Rachel Green	That's just great.	Mad
Michael	Um, cheers.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, right, clink.	Neutral
Michael	Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.	Sad
Michael	Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I mean he just started going out with her.	Neutral
Michael	Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.	Neutral
Michael	Alright.	Neutral
Rachel Green	OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend?	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	So, I figured it out.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm.	Joyful

Rachel Green	I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?	Peaceful
Michael	Fruitflies?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes! Thank you.	Joyful
Waiter	So, would you like any dessert?	Neutral
Michael	No! No dessert, just a check, please.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, you're not having fun, are you?	Sad
Michael	No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?	Sad
Michael	Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?	Joyful
Michael	Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."	Neutral
Rachel Green	Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo	Powerful
Guy	Hang on.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hello, excuse me.	Neutral
Guy	What.	Scared
Rachel Green	Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.	Powerful
Guy	I'm talkin'!	Mad
Rachel Green	I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.	Neutral
Guy	Alright, fine. I'll call you back.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.	Peaceful
Michael	Good.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.	Mad

Chandler Bing	No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.	Mad
Monica Geller	Why not?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Because it's Sunday. It's God's day.	Powerful
Monica Geller	OK, if you say stop, then we stop.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	OK, stop.	Powerful
Monica Geller	No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo Woo.	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	Hey Joey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Phoebs.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	How come you're watching a rabbi play electric guitar?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I can't find the remote. Thank you.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	And?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	And we did.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right Phoebs, way to go.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yay me.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	So, so how did it happen?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	And what did he say?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wow.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Um-hum.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	This man is my God.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I didn't get a cat.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, that's um, interesting.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.	Mad
Rachel Green	Alright, I got it Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.	Sad
Rachel Green	What?	Sad
Ross Geller	I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.	Mad
Rachel Green	Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?	Mad
Ross Geller	Then you should have said something before I met her.	Mad
Rachel Green	I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.	Mad
Ross Geller	There was never a good time.	Sad
Rachel Green	Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.	Sad
Ross Geller	Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.	Sad
Rachel Green	Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?	Mad
Ross Geller	The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.	Mad
Rachel Green	Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.	Mad
Ross Geller	Fine.	Mad
Rachel Green	'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.	Mad
Ross Geller	Good.	Mad
Rachel Green	Good.	Mad
Rachel Green	And ya know what, now I've got closure.	Mad
Ross Geller	Try the bottom one.	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over.	Powerful
Monica Geller	No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.	Mad
Monica Geller	Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, thanks.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, you know.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uh-huh.	Sad
Chandler Bing	And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well no, but um.	Sad
Chandler Bing	I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .	Sad
Chandler Bing	So, you feel like goin' for a run?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Alright.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.	Neutral
Monica Geller	OK. Just for a little while.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	OK.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	And twenty-five it is.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	You gave him cookies?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.	Neutral
Ross Geller	So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Uhh, the mailman, the super.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh my God.	Scared
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uhhh, I don't think you're gonna like this.	Scared
Rachel Green	Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.	Mad
Monica Geller	Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.	Mad

Grandmother	Esther Livingston. Gone.	Neutral
Grandmother	Hi, Phoe.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hi Gram. Whatcha doin'?	Joyful
Grandmother	Oh, just updating the phonebook.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, gram, um, can I see the pictures of my dad again?	Scared
Grandmother	Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Just, you know, to see... um.	Scared
Grandmother	Oh, sure, yeah. This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	OK, is this really my father?	Scared
Grandmother	Is it really your fa--I can't... well of course it is.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.	Mad
Grandmother	Look, I. . .	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.	Powerful
Grandmother	Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh God.	Sad
Grandmother	It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?	Mad
Grandmother	Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?	Sad
Grandmother	Honey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Sad
Grandmother	Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. This is the real him.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Who said anything about Christmas?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, nothin'.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I hope she's OK.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, I know exactly what she's goin' through.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	How do you know exactly what she's going through?	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	She told us.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So whaddya got there Monica?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Just some stuff for the party.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?	Neutral
Monica Geller	You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Monica, pigeons learn faster that you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .	Mad
Ross Geller	C'mon Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.	Mad
Ross Geller	See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information.	Scared
Grandmother	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hello grandma, if that is in fact your real name.	Neutral
Grandmother	C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.	Neutral
Grandmother	Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.	Neutral
Grandmother	I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Whattaya mean?	Scared
Grandmother	He lives at 74 Laurel Drive in Middletown. If you hit the Dairy Queen, you've gone too far. You can take my cab.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow. Thank you.	Peaceful
Grandmother	Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! Commercial	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Phoebe here with the cab yet?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, here she comes.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Eeeshk.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, big stuff.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	OK, let's go.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	OK.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Alright, here, you have to hold this.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	OK. Brake left, gas right?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Where's my seat belt?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Scared

Ross Geller	C'mon, just tell me, please, please.	Scared
Monica Geller	For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.	Mad
Monica Geller	Rach, get the heat. Ross, could you turn the heat down please?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ross, the heat!	Mad
Ross Geller	Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.	Scared
Rachel Green	Did you just break the radiator?	Mad
Ross Geller	No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.	Scared
Monica Geller	Well put it back.	Mad
Ross Geller	It uhh, it won't go back.	Scared
Rachel Green	I'll call the super.	Mad
Monica Geller	Here, let me try.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.	Mad
Rachel Green	Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.	Scared
Ross Geller	OK, tip the man.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.	Sad
Ross Geller	Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, this is it, 74.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, so that's what this is for.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Sure is.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	OK, here I go. I'm goin' in.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Alright.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Good luck Phoebs.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	OK.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	How far'd ya get?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Mailbox.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright, we're gettin' closer.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebs, what's goin' on?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, so why not go knock?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, and when you do, he'll be lucky to have you.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	You guys. I'm sorry about your shopping.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Really, hey, you mind if I turn the heat down?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, we could have used that kind of thinkin' earlier.	Sad
Ross Geller	Hey, Phoebs, how'd it go.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I couldn't go in.	Sad
Monica Geller	Honey, I'm sorry.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Are you OK?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Rach, these are for you.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	OK, Phoebs, your turn.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uh-huh.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You guuuyys.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You got me a cola drink?	Scared
Chandler Bing	And, a lemon lime.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.	Mad
Chandler Bing	And last but not least.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	They're ribbed for your pleasure.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!	Neutral
Carol Willick	So how did everything go?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Well, we've gotta go.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Ok.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Oh, right. Um, I've got some news. It's about us.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, you and me?	Scared
Carol Willick	Uh, no, Susan and me.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	The other us.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok.	Neutral
Carol Willick	We're uh, we're getting married.	Neutral
Ross Geller	As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?	Scared
Carol Willick	Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.	Scared
Carol Willick	Look I just thought that...	Neutral
Ross Geller	No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Is your finger caught in that chair?	Mad
Ross Geller	Mmm hmmm.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Want us to go?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Uh-huh.	Neutral

Ross Geller	That is so good! Do it again!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right, all right. "Damnit Braverman, it's right there on the chart!"	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No no, that's me.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, hello.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh...	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Is everything ok?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh my god.	Scared
Chandler Bing	That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh, honey.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.	Sad
Rachel Green	What do you mean?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I think it went into me.	Scared

Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Carol Willick	How's it going?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers.	Joyful
Carol Willick	Fine, whatever.	Mad
Ross Geller	What's the matter?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Nothing. Ok, everything. I think we're calling off the wedding.	Sad
Ross Geller	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.	Mad
Ross Geller	Carol, what's the matter? What happened?	Neutral
Carol Willick	My parents called this afternoon to say they weren't coming.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh my god.	Neutral
Carol Willick	I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.	Sad
Ross Geller	It's ok. I'm sorry.	Neutral
Carol Willick	And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.	Scared
Ross Geller	I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.	Powerful
Carol Willick	You do?	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Of course I do.	Mad
Ross Geller	Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.	Mad
Carol Willick	You're right. Of course you're right.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So we're back on?	Scared
Carol Willick	We're back on.	Powerful
Monica Geller	You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.	Powerful

Joey Tribbiani	It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later.	Mad
Carol Willick	Thank you.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Any time.	Sad
Carol Willick	Ross.	Peaceful
Minister	You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.	Joyful

Monica Geller	Would you look at them?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, can't help but.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? I wrapped those bad boys.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I miss Rose.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.	Sad
Woman	You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, that's so nice.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Hey, Mom? Having fun?	Joyful
Sandra Green	Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.	Joyful
Rachel Green	There's more alcohol, right?	Joyful

Susan Bunch	How you doin'?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	You did a good thing today.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	You wanna dance?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, that's fine.	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Come on. I'll let you lead.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ok.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.	Sad

Monica Geller	Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, Mon, I was married.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, me, too, technically.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I had a wedding.	Neutral
Monica Geller	All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Isn't Ben in this?	Mad
#ALL#	Oh, yeah!	Joyful

Ross Geller	That commercial always makes me so sad.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.	Sad
Ross Geller	I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.	Sad
Monica Geller	And the fact that they're both monkeys.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Rhythm?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, my first fan mail.	Joyful
#ALL#	Alright!	Joyful
Monica Geller	'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.	Joyful
Monica Geller	This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh my god, I got my very own stalker.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hey guys.	Joyful
#ALL#	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?	Mad
Ross Geller	Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know, I know. Hello.	Joyful
Rob	Hi. I'm Rob Dohnen.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Hi Rob Dohnen.	Peaceful
Rob	I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, wow.	Joyful
Rob	Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hello.	Neutral
Erica Ford	It's Erica.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, the stalker.	Scared
Erica Ford	Never mind, it's open.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Let's get out of here.	Scared
Chandler Bing	The one time they're not home.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's how radio stars escape stalkers.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	She's comin'.	Scared
Erica Ford	It's me.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Uhh, this is it, this is how we're gonna die. Ready?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Wait, wait, wait.	Joyful
Erica Ford	Hi.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Erica.	Neutral

Dean Lipson	Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.	Scared
Dean Lipson	Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh my God, what happened?	Scared
Dean Lipson	Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.	Sad
Ross Geller	I can't believe this.	Scared
Dean Lipson	I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, ya know, someone should have called me.	Mad
Dean Lipson	I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Zoo dollars?	Mad
Dean Lipson	Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.	Peaceful

Kids	Ooohhh.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery?	Mad
Monica Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	And she's not crazy?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh my God.	Scared
Monica Geller	Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.	Powerful
Rob	You OK?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.	Scared
Rob	That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?	Scared
Ross Geller	I was thinkin' about it.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe	Joyful
#ALL#	Hi Phoebe.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...	Joyful

Erica Ford	Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah it is. . . what?	Scared
Erica Ford	Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.	Peaceful
Erica Ford	Who's they?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No one.	Neutral
Erica Ford	Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Good, otherwise my watch would fall off.	Joyful
Erica Ford	No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Alright, just one. Wow, you're good at that.	Joyful
Waiter	Oh my God! Someone, he's choking. Is anyone here a doctor?	Scared
Erica Ford	Well, yes, yes, the best doctor in all of Salem, Dr. Drake Remore.	Peaceful

Erica Ford	I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.	Neutral
Erica Ford	No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	But that's what...	Neutral
Erica Ford	I should just be happy to be near you.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey I-	Joyful
Erica Ford	Hey what?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Excellent!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Very informative!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Not at all inappropriate!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Thank you for coming everybody. There're cookies in the back.	Joyful
Rob	That was great, the kids loved you.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yay, I rock.	Powerful
Rob	And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	But.	Scared
Rob	How did you know there was a but?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I sense these things. It was either but or butter.	Neutral
Rob	The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about like, barnyard animals.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I can do that.	Peaceful
Rob	Really?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah.	Neutral
Rob	Because that would be fantastic. What? You wanna kiss me?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Thinkin' about it.	Neutral

Janitor	Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Buddy, my monkey?	Neutral
Janitor	Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.	Scared
Janitor	The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?	Joyful
Ross Geller	That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.	Scared
Janitor	Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?	Scared
Ross Geller	That guy Lipson?	Neutral
Janitor	Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?	Scared
Ross Geller	No, I, I only know Lipson.	Neutral
Janitor	Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...	Powerful
Ross Geller	Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.	Sad
Janitor	Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Of course.	Neutral
Janitor	Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.	Neutral
Ross Geller	This is unbelievable.	Scared
Janitor	So, what is this information worth to you, my friend?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Are you trying to get me to bribe you?	Sad
Janitor	Maybe.	Neutral
Ross Geller	But you already told me everything.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, so what're you gonna do?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	OK, hi again.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hi Phoebe.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Fired! Why?	Mad
Rob	The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?	Mad
Rob	No.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I see.	Neutral
Rob	Maybe if you just played some regular kiddie songs.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?	Mad
Rob	I'm not saying you have to be Barney.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Who's Barney.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.	Joyful
Rachel Green	You're kidding.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	This is amazing.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I know.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I finally get a part on TV and the monkey's makin' movies.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	OK, Rachel, I'm ready.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	OK.	Neutral
Kid	Excuse me. Is this where the singing lady is that tells the truth?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Um, yeah I guess that's me.	Peaceful
Kid	She's here.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are bisexuals, though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la...	Joyful

Ross Geller	This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre?	Joyful
Security Guard	C'mon people, back up please, back up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the monkey?	Neutral
Security Guard	I'm sorry guys, closed set.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together.	Scared
Security Guard	Yeah, and I have a time share in the Pocanos with Flipper.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ross, there he is.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. a-weema-way, a-weema-way.....	Joyful

Rachel Green	And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Does anybody need anything?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.	Joyful
Rachel Green	That is so unfair.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You're blowin' me off for a monkey?	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Stick a fork what?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Like, when you're cooking a steak.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, OK, I don't eat meat.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	OK, then, eat me, I'm done.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'	Joyful
Monica Geller	What did you say?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, you just know.	Neutral

Susie Moss	Oh, shoot, we gotta go, got a reservation in 30 minutes.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.	Peaceful
Susie Moss	Oh, 200 seconds of passion. We gotta go.	Neutral
Susie Moss	But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.	Scared
Susie Moss	Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	You want me to wear your panties?	Scared
Susie Moss	Could ya?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.	Joyful

Ross Geller	OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oooh.	Joyful
Ross Geller	With mealworms.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yaaahhh. Ahhh, candles. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.	Sad

Monica Geller	I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?	Joyful
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Sure.	Neutral
Monica Geller	This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.	Joyful
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Normally, I would not do it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, what made you make the exception for me?	Neutral
Jean-Claude Van Damme	'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...	Neutral

Monica Geller	Say you're sorry.	Mad
Rachel Green	No.	Mad
Monica Geller	Say it.	Mad
Rachel Green	No.	Mad
Monica Geller	Rachel, you say you're sorry or your sweater gets it.	Mad
Rachel Green	OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater.	Scared
Monica Geller	Say you're sorry.	Mad
Rachel Green	OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What're you gonna do?	Scared
Rachel Green	You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.	Mad
Monica Geller	You don't have the guts.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.	Powerful
Monica Geller	I'll help you fix your sweater.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I'll help you throw out your purse.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I'm sorry that I borrowed your gloves	Sad

Chandler Bing	Joey?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ma?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Joey!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Are you naked in there?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Huh, you uh, you always wear panties?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, no, this is the first time.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, let me see.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Alright, alright. Woah, someone's flossing.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Joey, some people don't like that.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Chandler's wearing panties.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What? Let me see.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No, no, you don't have to see.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi Tushie.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright, one of you give me your underpants.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	How can you not be wearing any underwear?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink thong.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hi.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What happened?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.	Sad
Ross Geller	Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God.	Joyful
Ross Geller	What?	Joyful

Jean-Claude Van Damme	I'm sorry it didn't work out between you and me, or you and me. Drew was very disappointed.	Sad
Rachel Green	OK, well, bye.	Neutral
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Goodbye.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, bye for me too.	Neutral
Rachel Green	OK, well, bye-bye again.	Neutral
Monica Geller	OK.	Neutral
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Perhaps, uh, the three of us, just could. . .	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh, no no no no no.	Mad
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Are you sure, I can crush a walnut with my butt.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No no no no.	Mad
Rachel Green	Impressive.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	But no. Maybe if I were baking.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Bye-bye.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh yeah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	How long you been waitin' to say that?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	About 20 minutes. CLOSING CREDITS	Neutral

Jean-Claude Van Damme	Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Aaaaagggghhhhh.	Scared
Director	Cut.	Powerful
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Aaaaagggghhhhh.	Scared
Director	Cut.	Powerful
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Aaaaagggghhhhh. Mommy	Scared
Director	Cut.	Powerful
Jean-Claude Van Damme	Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dead.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey. Hold on a second. Huh?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What's this?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Eight hundred and twelve bucks.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Wow, I don't know what to say. Wow, I, I don't know what to say.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Heh, what d'ya say?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I don't know. It's a bracelet.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Isn't it? And it's engraved too, check it out.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	To my best bud. Thanks best bud.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Put it on.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I so am.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.	Neutral

Interviewer	Well, this all looks good.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Great.	Joyful
Interviewer	And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.	Joyful
Interviewer	Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.	Neutral
Monica Geller	A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.	Powerful
Interviewer	No, just a salad will be fine.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You got it.	Powerful
Interviewer	Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.	Scared
Interviewer	Uh-huh. Is it dirty?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.	Joyful
Interviewer	Don't, I like it dirty.	Joyful
Monica Geller	That's your call.	Scared
Interviewer	So, uh, what are you going to do next?	Powerful
Monica Geller	Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.	Scared
Interviewer	Are they, uh, firm?	Joyful
Monica Geller	They'r alright.	Scared
Interviewer	You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?	Joyful
Monica Geller	No really, they're OK.	Scared
Interviewer	You gonna slice them up real nice?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.	Scared
Interviewer	Aaaahhhhhhh.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm outa here.	Mad

Ross Geller	Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, some guy she met at the movies.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Hang in there, it's gonna happen.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Wha, OK, now how do you know that?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Because she's your lobster.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh, she's goin' somewhere.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, you feelin' better?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	So, do you have any other possibilities?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.	Scared
Monica Geller	No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ya know, the man's got a point.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	What is that sparkly thing?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.	Mad
Ross Geller	No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.	Scared
Monica Geller	Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.	Joyful

Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Hi darling.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So, what's this.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Some of your old stuff.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?	Mad
Ross Geller	Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, God forbid.	Mad
Judy Geller	Oh, hi Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What, what incident?	Scared
Ross Geller	Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Do you want a refill?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, I'm alright, thanks.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.	Neutral
Gail	I'm Gail.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Chandler.	Joyful
Gail	I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.	Scared
Chandler Bing	What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	It's not that bad.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Chandler, Chandler.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.	Mad

Chandler Bing	Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?	Mad
Chandler Bing	OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	You know what the. . .	Mad
Chandler Bing	I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .	Sad

Ross Geller	You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey guys.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Hi, darling. Where's my grandson, you didn't bring him?	Joyful
Ross Geller	No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today.	Neutral
Ross Geller	A woman in my office is a lesiban. I'm just saying.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Where have you been?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?	Scared
Monica Geller	No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.	Scared
Ross Geller	C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.	Scared
Judy Geller	Why?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Because they made me.	Scared
Judy Geller	You were fired? What're you gonna do?	Scared
Ross Geller	Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	In the bank.	Neutral
Ross Geller	There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Anything larger back there?	Scared

Chandler Bing	I can't believe it.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.	Mad
Rachel Green	Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey now you have two. Oh, now you have two.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What am I gonna do, huh?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	How come you have two?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well this one's for you.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Get out.	Mad
Chandler Bing	No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That's what they'll call us.	Peaceful

Judy Geller	Dance with him.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Mom, I'm hungry.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Dance with your father.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Alright.	Neutral
Judy Geller	Oh, Jack.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, Judy. Oh, Judy.	Joyful
Both	Oh, ohhhhh.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Alright open your eyes.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Congratulations!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So uh, which one is mine?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. Not that one.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ohh yes.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Do we dare?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	We dare.	Joyful
Both	Aaahhhh. AAAAHHHHHH.	Peaceful

Phoebe Buffay	It's James Bond.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Sorry we're late.	Sad
Richard Burke	Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Dr. Burke, it, it's me.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. So, how ya been?	Joyful
Monica Geller	I've been great, just great. How have you been?	Joyful
Richard Burke	Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	The head tilt?	Neutral
Richard Burke	Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'	Neutral
Monica Geller	I'm sorry.	Sad
Richard Burke	No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh, that's too bad.	Neutral
Richard Burke	I'll survive.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	You've got to get back out there, it's your party.	Powerful
Richard Burke	But they're so dull, they're all opthamologists.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You're an opthamologist.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Only because my parents wanted me to be, I wanted to be a sherrif.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.	Joyful
Richard Burke	See.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.	Neutral
Richard Burke	OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. Who needs glasses?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You are so smitten.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I am not.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	So. You two are totally into each other.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You got a Cheeto on your face man.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hi.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?	Scared
Ross Geller	That was 14 hours ago.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So how'd it go?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	She laughed at you?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?	Sad
Chandler Bing	It's the Miracle Wax.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	It certainly is a miracle.	Sad
Rachel Green	Hi you guys.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Sad
Rachel Green	Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .	Scared
Chandler Bing	Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.	Neutral
Rachel Green	OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What's this.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Could you get us a couple of beers?	Joyful

Richard Burke	I'm going to look into your eyes now.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Really.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Good, they feel good, in my head.	Peaceful
Richard Burke	So, it's great to see ya.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	You too.	Joyful
Richard Burke	You too.	Neutral
Monica Geller	OK, um. Goodbye.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Drops!	Neutral
Monica Geller	What?	Neutral
Richard Burke	Drops. Here, they're free.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thanks. So, I guess I better be going.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Oh, OK, yeah. I'll see ya later.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Thanks again.	Joyful

Monica Geller	Wow, is that Michelle?	Joyful
Richard Burke	Yep.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Ya know, she's having another baby.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I thought she just had one.	Neutral
Richard Burke	No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, you're a grandpa.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Yeah. Are we nuts here?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.	Powerful
Richard Burke	I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Richard Burke	So.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So maybe we should just. . .	Powerful
Richard Burke	Yeah, yeah, maybe.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Wow, this really sucks.	Peaceful
Richard Burke	Yeah, it sure does.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we?	Scared
Richard Burke	No, no, there's no rush or anything.	Scared
Delivery Guy	Pizza delivery.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.	Mad

Ross Geller	Rach.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm done.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?	Mad
Ross Geller	No, no, we won't.	Neutral
Rachel Green	We won't?	Neutral
Ross Geller	C'mon.	Powerful
Rachel Green	OK, that's dead right?	Scared

Rachel Green	What is this? What are we doing?	Scared
Ross Geller	Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Grape.	Neutral
Ross Geller	OK, now, sit. OK.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, God.	Mad
Ross Geller	Sorry.	Sad
Rachel Green	Ah, so what are we looking at?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Really?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You're not laughing.	Scared
Rachel Green	This time it's not so funny.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.	Joyful
Ross Geller	What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, thank God.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.	Scared
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Ross Geller	We're not alone.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?	Scared
Chandler Bing	That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Waaa-aaah.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Scared
Chandler Bing	The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, so.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you wash.	Powerful

Ross Geller	Alright, shall we?	Neutral
Monica Geller	OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.	Scared
Ross Geller	Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Oh hi kids. Hi darling.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Happy birthday dad.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh thank you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi ma.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Happy birthday.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Well, you kids thank Dr. Burke for the ride?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.	Neutral

Friend	Well, you kids take the train in?	Neutral
Judy Geller	No, Richard Burke gave them a ride.	Neutral
Friend	Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom.	Scared
Judy Geller	Sooo, Richard's shopping in the junior section.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Are we still on that?	Joyful
Judy Geller	We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.	Mad
Friend	She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up.	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Can you believe this place?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I know, this is a great apartment.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously.	Joyful
Joey's Co-Star	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man.	Joyful
Joey's Co-Star	Thanks. You want it?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Huh?	Neutral
Joey's Co-Star	Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, can you see me in a place like this?	Powerful
Joey's Co-Star	Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.	Mad

Ross Geller	C'mon, tell us.	Joyful
Friend	Yeah, is she really 20.	Neutral
Richard Burke	I am not telling you guys anything.	Neutral
Ross Geller	C'mon Rich, it's my birthday, let me live vicariously.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Dad, you really don't want to do that.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?	Joyful
Richard Burke	Jack, would you let it go?	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Guys. Seriously, it is not like that.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .	Joyful
Ross Geller	Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.	Scared
Ross Geller	What? I'm kidding. You know I'd never let him touch the Porsche.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?	Mad
Rachel Green	Well I. . .	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh.	Scared
Tattoo Artist	Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Here we go.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You're not going?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?	Scared
Rachel Green	No. Well, yeah, maybe.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?	Scared
Rachel Green	What's 1922?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you?	Mad
Rachel Green	No.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	OK, who is the boss of you?!!	Joyful
Rachel Green	You?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!	Mad

Richard Burke	How ya doin'?	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm a twinkie.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Really? I'm a hero.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh, this is so hard.	Sad
Richard Burke	Yeah, I know. I hate it too. Look, maybe we should just tell them.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Maybe we should just tell your parents first.	Scared
Richard Burke	My parents are dead.	Sad
Monica Geller	God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.	Scared
Richard Burke	I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Alright.	Peaceful
Richard Burke	Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one.	Mad
Judy Geller	I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city?	Joyful
Ross Geller	I know. He's like a new man. It's like a scene from Cocoon.	Joyful
Judy Geller	I just never would have pictured Richard with a bimbo.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Really.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I tell you, I've never seen him this happy.	Joyful
Judy Geller	So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model?	Scared
Ross Geller	Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Oh Jack stop.	Joyful
Ross Geller	C'mon, it's my birthday.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well that's how I feel.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well then maybe you should take it.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well then maybe I will.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Fine with me.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.	Mad

Ross Geller	Who's drink can I freshen?	Neutral
Judy Geller	Almost time for cake.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Mon, Mon, are you OK?	Scared
Monica Geller	You remember that video I found of mom and dad?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, I just caught the live show.	Scared
Ross Geller	Eww.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ahh. OK, let's see yours again.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh OK. Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.	Scared
Rachel Green	You didn't get it?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Why didn't you get it?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry, I'm sorry.	Sad
Rachel Green	Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.	Sad
Monica Geller	I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I remember.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Naa, you keep it, you need the practice.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Thanks.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	So, I guess this is it.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yeah.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Get out.	Scared
#ALL#	No.	Mad
Monica Geller	Wow Joey, this is, uhh...	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Art.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Art it is.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?	Scared
Ross Geller	Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Right, I go-, I got it.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. Heh?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey, nice toilet.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No no no, behind it.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Wha-, you have a phone in here?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	That's right, I have a phone in here.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Joey, promise me something.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Never call me from that phone.	Scared

Rachel Green	OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.	Joyful
#ALL#	OK.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm done now.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Get the what?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go.	Joyful
Guy	What're you doing?	Joyful
Ross Geller	I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7.	Scared

Monica Geller	Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.	Mad
Ross Geller	Calm down, I'm blow drying.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Blow drying what, you have no hair.	Powerful
Rachel Green	What's goin' on?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!	Mad
Rachel Green	Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.	Joyful
Ross Geller	All yours.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.	Powerful
Ross Geller	I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Shut up.	Mad
Ross Geller	Shut up.	Mad
Monica Geller	Cut it out.	Mad
Ross Geller	Mi-mi-mii.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I've never wanted you more.	Mad

Chandler Bing	So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hello.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, that's OK. You uh, you had a thing.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, well great.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Well OK then. Was that the oven timer?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's right my friend. It's time for...	Neutral
Both	Baywatch!!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?	Sad
Chandler Bing	I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, hey, they're runnin'	Powerful
Chandler Bing	See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.	Neutral

Monica Geller	But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.	Sad
Monica Geller	I promise you, he would definitely want you back.	Peaceful

Ross Geller	I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.	Mad
Chandler Bing	But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	But...	Scared
Ross Geller	No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.	Powerful

Producer	OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?	Scared
Producer	They're your backup singers... beind you.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.	Joyful
Producer	Alrighty. From the top.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.	Joyful
Producer	Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.	Joyful

Ross Geller	No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?	Scared
Monica Geller	I was.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. Call Joanna. Hi.	Scared
Monica Geller	Did she leave a number?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Did you see me write one down?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I don't have her number, butt-munch.	Mad
Ross Geller	Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.	Powerful
Monica Geller	I'm not a baby, you're the baby.	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, you wanna get off my back?	Mad
Monica Geller	You wanna get out of my face?	Mad
Ross Geller	Wait hold on Tony, hold on. Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.	Scared
Monica Geller	Give me that.	Mad
Ross Geller	OK.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So uhh, how's the palace?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.	Scared
Eddie Menuek	Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Nice to meet ya.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wow.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, now it's a spare room?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Well I uh, got what I came for. I'll uh, I'll see you guys.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Is this guy great or what?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, yeah he is.	Mad

Monica Geller	I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?	Mad
Ross Geller	Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.	Neutral
Rachel Green	It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I know.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Pretty uhm, different huh?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.	Scared

Eddie Menuek	Hi Joey, what's goin' on man?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Eddie.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Morning.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Morning. I just uh, came by to pick up my mail. Where's the mail?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh it's uh, over there on the table.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You don't keep it over here on this table any more?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, ooh.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Huh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.	Scared
Eddie Menuek	Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	See ya.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	So how you two gettin' along?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, I couldn't be happier.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.	Mad
Chandler Bing	There's another carton right over there.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, this isn't about juice anymore, alright man.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Alright, so what's it about?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well I like both eggs equally.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
#ALL#	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.	Neutral
#ALL#	No.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yes.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, how did you find out?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So what're you gonna do?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I can't work with people who would do this.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Sure.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I mean this poor woman.	Sad
Ross Geller	What woman?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.	Neutral
Rachel Green	OK, Phoebs. But what about you?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.	Sad

Chandler Bing	Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Y-, y-, you like that show?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You don't like that show?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.	Joyful
Eddie Menuek	I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh o-, OK man.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.	Joyful
#ALL#	Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your fault.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Monica.	Neutral
Monica Geller	They won't take you to the vet.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Chandler.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You're obviously not their favorite pet.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Joey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	It may not be a bed of roses.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	And you're no friend to those with noses.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more.	Sad

Amber	Oh Drake.	Neutral
Dr. Drake Ramoray	I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word.	Mad
Ross Geller	I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?	Scared
Monica Geller	We, we just wanna see the end.	Neutral
Amber	I want you Drake.	Powerful
Dr. Drake Ramoray	I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.	Neutral
Amber	What?	Neutral
Dr. Drake Ramoray	There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.	Neutral
Rachel Green	So what happens next?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	God that is good TV.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Phoebs, play with meeee.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Why don't you play with your roommate?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	We don't need to remedy that.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh yeah, it'll be fun.	Joyful
Eddie Menuek	What was that?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.	Peaceful
Eddie Menuek	Yeah alright, that sounds alright.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That was so lame.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?	Scared

Eddie Menuek	That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well it's not Sean Penn.	Joyful
Eddie Menuek	Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Phoebe's got another job, right?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Great set tonight Phoebs.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I know.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, we should probably get going.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.	Neutral
Richard Burke	I don't know, I don't have my jammies.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, maybe you don't need them.	Neutral
Ross Geller	My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Shut up, I'm happy.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ok.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.	Sad
Monica Geller	Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.	Sad
Rachel Green	Phoebe's dead.	Sad

Tilly	Hi.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hi.	Neutral
Tilly	I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?	Neutral
Tilly	Thanks.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, oh, c'mon in.	Neutral
Tilly	I'm Tilly.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh.	Neutral
Tilly	I gather by that oh that he told you about me.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.	Scared
Tilly	He's kind of intense huh?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	A little what?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Hello Tilly.	Neutral
Tilly	Eddie, I just came by to drop off your tank.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	That's very thoughtful of you. It's very thougtful.	Neutral
Tilly	Well, ok then. I'm gonna go. Bye.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Bye-bye.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Bye.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So, we gettin' a fish?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	You had sex with her didn't you?	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Page 42, page 42, page 42.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ooh, I look good.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?	Mad
Delivery Guy	Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son.	Mad
Delivery Guy	Right. Could you sign this?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No. No way, I'm not signing that.	Mad
Delivery Guy	I don't think that's gonna affect the plot of the show.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	How can they do this to me?	Mad
Delivery Guy	Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.	Scared

Monica Geller	Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.	Neutral
Ross Geller	G'night.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Night Richard. Good luck Mon.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.	Scared
Richard Burke	Two.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?	Neutral
Richard Burke	Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?	Scared
Rachel Green	Uhhhooo.	Scared
Ross Geller	C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, there's you.	Sad
Ross Geller	Better not be doin' these in order.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.	Sad
Ross Geller	Really?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.	Scared

Chandler Bing	Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.	Mad
Chandler Bing	This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Where's Buddy?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Buddy?	Scared
Eddie Menuek	My fish, Buddy.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	There was no fish when she dropped it off.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?	Mad

Ross Geller	C'mon.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Joey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Open up. We want to talk to you.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I don't feel like talkin.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	We're worried about you.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	And some of us really have to pee.	Mad
Monica Geller	Sorry Joey	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	We came over as soon as we saw.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	How could you not tell us?	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	It's gonna be ok. You know that?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.	Sad
Chandler Bing	I'm sorry man.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, that means nothin to me.	Sad

Chandler Bing	Uhhhaahh.	Scared
Eddie Menuek	Pecan sandy, just made em.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Uh, sure, why not.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?	Scared
Eddie Menuek	I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.	Scared
Eddie Menuek	What's you point man?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Ok, good night. You big freak of nature.	Scared

Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Ohh, brisk tonight.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh man.	Scared
Richard Burke	Let's never speak of this.	Scared
Ross Geller	You got it.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?	Scared
Eddie Menuek	Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Why?	Scared
Eddie Menuek	Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I can't sleep now.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	You want me to sing?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I didn't realize that.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	GET OUT NOW!!	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Ok, you really want me out?	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yes please.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I want you out.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Where did you hear it from before?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	I heard that.	Neutral

Estelle Leonard	Don't worry about it already. Things happen.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?	Scared
Estelle Leonard	Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No, can we get back to me?	Scared
Estelle Leonard	Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Alright. Cab driver number two?	Neutral
Estelle Leonard	You're welcome.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?	Scared
Estelle Leonard	Things change, roll with em.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.	Neutral
Estelle Leonard	Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	I'm sorry. See ya.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Isn't it.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey you guys.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.	Scared
Rachel Green	NO!	Mad
Ross Geller	No?	Scared
Rachel Green	No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?	Mad
Ross Geller	Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.	Mad
Monica Geller	You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Excuse me, your, your, your wind?	Mad
Rachel Green	Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?	Powerful
Ross Geller	You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Um-um, um-um.	Neutral
Rachel Green	You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!	Mad

Eddie Menuek	Hey pal.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Your last roommate's kidney?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.	Neutral
Gunther	Lemonade? You ok man?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.	Sad
Gunther	Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I fell down an elevator shaft.	Sad
Gunther	That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Scared
Gunther	I used to be Bryce on All My Children.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Daaahhhh!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.	Mad
Monica Geller	I wa-	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Uuuh.	Neutral

Eddie Menuek	Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	What?	Sad
Chandler Bing	You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!	Mad
Eddie Menuek	You, you want, you want me to move out?	Sad
Chandler Bing	Uh-huh.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?	Mad
Chandler Bing	This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!	Mad
Chandler Bing	You want some help.	Mad
Eddie Menuek	No help required Chico.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks.	Neutral
Casting Guy	Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Casting Guy	Five oh dollars.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.	Peaceful
Casting Guy	That's great.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.	Peaceful
Casting Guy	Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	And I would have to say pah-huh.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	What?	Scared
Monica Geller	Do you not remember the puppet guy?	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.	Joyful
Monica Geller	And his puppet too.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.	Mad
Monica Geller	Who?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Paul.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Not uh, not to my recollection.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Only 'cause you took up half the circle.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	One hour? You are such a leaf blower.	Mad

Chandler Bing	May I help you?	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' downstairs?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm, I'm sorry... Ahhh. Have we met?	Scared
Eddie Menuek	It's Eddie you freak, your roommate.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I, I'm sorry, I uh I already have a roommate.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hello.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.	Scared
Eddie Menuek	No he, he moved out and I moved in.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I know I would.	Neutral
Eddie Menuek	Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey no problem.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Welcome home man.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	A little foos?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Absolutely.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What happened to the foosball?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ah that's a cantelope.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	He paid a lot of money for it.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.	Sad
Chandler Bing	So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?	Scared
Monica Geller	'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ok honey, you really need a job.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Really.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.	Scared
Ross Geller	On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.	Powerful
#ALL#	Ahh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.	Scared
Monica Geller	His indian name?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.	Mad
Ross Geller	Freakish.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Wow.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Freaky.	Scared
Monica Geller	Weird, weird.	Scared
Rachel Green	Ok, so uh, who wants the last hamburger?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, alright, that's it, now I have to go see him.	Scared
Monica Geller	Why?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Man, I am so beat.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Yeah alright.	Neutral
Big Bully	Hey you're in our seats.	Mad
Ross Geller	Oh, sorry we didn't know.	Scared
Little Bully	Hey, we were sitting there.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?	Mad
Little Bully	Is that supposed to be funny?	Mad
Chandler Bing	No actually, I was just going for colorful.	Scared
Big Bully	What's with this guy?	Mad
Little Bully	What's with you?	Mad
Ross Geller	Uh, nothing, nothing's with him. Enjoy your coffee.	Scared
Chandler Bing	What just happened?	Mad
Little Bully	I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that I, I took your hat.	Mad
Chandler Bing	That, that is funny. Can I have it back?	Scared
Little Bully	No.	Mad
Chandler Bing	No?	Mad
Big Bully	No.	Mad
Ross Geller	Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.	Mad
Big Bully	Why should we?	Mad
Ross Geller	Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?	Mad
Big Bully	You got a problem with that?	Mad
Chandler Bing	No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	See, didn't I tell ya these pillows would be a good idea?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.	Scared
Rachel Green	We love you, we're here for you.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah good luck, good luck.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Thanks.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Rach, you uh, you want some sandwich?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Ohh, what is in that?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, hey, no, oh oh.	Scared
Rachel Green	Run Phoebe run.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No no no, doggie please. Oh, I do so wanna love all animals, please no.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Get him a bone, get a bone. You gotta bone?	Scared
Rachel Green	Are you kidding me?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well why don't you just reach out and take his trampoline.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, here, I know what we can do.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, hey, hey no.	Mad
Rachel Green	Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Are you crazy?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Phoebs, he's just a little dog. Ahhh.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Hey Phoeb's, I think you're good to go.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I don't know.	Sad
Rachel Green	What's the matter?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, whatever you need. Hey, you wanna go home?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, thanks. Sorry, again	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	What was that?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uhh, I'm guessing the threshold's clear now.	Scared

Chandler Bing	Your cappucino sir.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Thank you.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Absolutely.	Joyful
Ross Geller	How come it's not mixing with the water?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ok.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	No?	Scared
Ross Geller	No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Alright, hang on a second there Custer.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been beaten up before?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, sure.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	By someone besides Monica?	Scared
Ross Geller	No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.	Joyful

Monica Geller	I need to borrow a hundred bucks.	Scared
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Monica Geller	Hi, welcome home. I need to borrow a hundred bucks.	Scared
Rachel Green	For what?	Scared
Monica Geller	I've gotta get back in the game.	Scared
Rachel Green	Why, when did you get out of the game?	Neutral
Monica Geller	I don't know, I lost it all ok. I lost it.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh no.	Sad
Monica Geller	Hey, I've come to terms with it, you have to too.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok. Look uhh, Mon I'm, I'm really sorry.	Scared
Monica Geller	Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred bucks?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I, I don't have it.	Scared
Monica Geller	But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.	Sad
Rachel Green	Nobody does honey.	Sad

Ross Geller	God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.	Joyful
Little Bully	Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah he was wasn't he.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.	Sad
Big Bully	Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.	Scared
Ross Geller	So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?	Scared
Little Bully	We're ok.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Alright.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ok so, can I have my hat back?	Joyful
Little Bully	No.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Huh.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Look at her.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hi Monica.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	He-he-he, how's it goin'?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey nice boobs.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Guys guys, check this out.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Excellent.	Neutral

Monica Geller	So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.	Neutral
#ALL#	Ohhh.	Mad
Monica Geller	What?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you poach things?	Neutral
Monica Geller	You wanna be in charge of the food committee?	Scared
Ross Geller	Question two. Why do we always have to have parties with committees?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.	Mad
Monica Geller	Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns.	Joyful

Ross Geller	I talked to Rachel's sisters, neither of them can come.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Woah, woah, woah, uh, no Shannon Cooper.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Why not her?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Cause she uh, she steals stuff.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.	Mad
Monica Geller	Joey that is horriable.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry, I didn't know.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	I didn't think anyone'd buy that, ok.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi honey, how did it go?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Agh, it was the graduation from hell.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.	Mad
Monica Geller	So what happened?	Neutral
Rachel Green	My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, how bout just her mom?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Why her mom?	Scared
Monica Geller	Cause I already invited her.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh no, can't invite her. She also steals.	Scared

Chandler Bing	Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.	Joyful
Rachel Green	This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?	Neutral
Rachel Green	It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I, I know.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.	Peaceful
Sandra Green	Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Ok will do. So glad you came.	Joyful
Sandra Green	I think I saw Rachel out in the hall.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ok, let me go check. Your mom want's to say goodbye.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh ok.	Neutral
Sandra Green	Happy birthday sweetie.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ok.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ahh, you drive safe.	Peaceful
Sandra Green	Ross, what're you doing.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm getting ready for the water skiing. How are you doing?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going?	Scared
Leonard Green	To get my coat.	Neutral
Guys	No no no.	Scared
Leonard Green	Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Sorry, we're on a major flan high.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.	Scared
Leonard Green	I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the hallway.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks for coming Mrs. Greene. Well, ok, you take care.	Peaceful
Sandra Green	Oh, you kids Well, this is the best party I've been to in years.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thank you.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	Ok everybody, it's time for flan.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yup, get ready for the gelatenous fun.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Kinda looks like that stuff you get when you get a bad infection.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ok, that's enough.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok Rachel, make a special flan wish.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ok, I've got one. Wow, those things almost never come true.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hey Joey, how'd the audition go?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Incredible! I met the director this time and you'll never believe who it was.	Joyful
#ALL#	Who?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right. I'll give you one hint. Warren Beatty.	Neutral
#ALL#	Wow!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, there's just one thing that might be kind've a problem. See, I, uh, had to kiss this guy.	Scared
Chandler Bing	'Cause he was just so darn cute.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, as part of the audition. See, I'm up for this part of this guy, who the main guy kisses.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it. Or you just do it.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I did do it, I'm a professional.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Then what's the problem?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Hey, what did your agent say?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.	Sad
Monica Geller	What, forget it!	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah, right.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Come on, I need your help here.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	All right. I'll do it, I kissed him before I can do it again.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	You see this, this is a friend.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Then I don't know what it is. What's the problem?	Sad
Monica Geller	Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, that makes sense.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Over my dead body!	Mad
Chandler Bing	And I'll be using his dead body as a shield.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Where's Benny? There he is! Where's Benny, there he is.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk, so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, you know I got a question for ya. Just a little thing, no pressure.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Okay.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Did you ever, uh, like, think about the future?	Scared
Richard Burke	Sure I do.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yeah, am I in it?	Scared
Richard Burke	Honey, you are in it.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh God, you are about to get sooo lucky.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Oh, yeah!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Keep talkin'.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice, we could move to France, make French toast.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?	Scared
Richard Burke	Like a hound?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Not a basset, a bassinet.	Mad
Richard Burke	You really need the bassinet?	Scared
Monica Geller	Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.	Scared
Richard Burke	Oh, hey. I love children, I have children. I just don't want to be 70 when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.	Sad
Monica Geller	Uh-huh.	Sad
Richard Burke	Look I want you, now.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.	Scared

Ross Geller	Hey, there.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Are you all right?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.	Scared
Ross Geller	Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	God I know, you're right.	Scared
Wedding Planner	All rightie, everybody look at me. Good. All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Okay, I'll see you after the thing.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, good luck	Joyful
Rachel Green	Thank you, Okay, Okay.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What's wrong? What's wrong? You're married that's what's wrong.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, my.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	She wants to meet you in person.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Okay, I'll do it!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.	Sad

Monica Geller	Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.	Neutral
Best Man	Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...	Joyful
#ALL#	What?!	Scared
Best Man	What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...	Neutral
Rachel Green	What.	Neutral
Best Man	No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?	Mad
Ross Geller	Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh dear God.	Scared
Ross Geller	Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.	Joyful
Rachel Green	She you in the parking lot.	Mad
Ross Geller	No, Rach!	Scared
Barry Farber	And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Marenge,	Neutral
Rachel Green	"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."	Joyful
Ross Geller	Everybody!	Joyful
Rachel Green	At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....	Joyful

Richard Burke	Okay, I'll do it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You'll do what?	Scared
Richard Burke	If kids is what I takes to be with you then kids it is.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh my God!	Joyful
Richard Burke	If I have to I'll, I'll do all again , I'll do the 4 o'clock feeding thing, I'll go to the P.T.A. meetings, I'll coach the soccer team.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Really?	Joyful
Richard Burke	Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'	Mad
Richard Burke	But you're not.	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh my God, I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say. I wanna have a baby, but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.	Mad
Richard Burke	God. I love you.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I know you do. Me too. So what now?	Peaceful
Richard Burke	I guess we just keep dancing.	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?	Scared
Rachel Green	Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh my God!	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	OH.....MY.....GAWD!!	Joyful
#ALL#	OH.....MY.....GOD!!	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	All right they got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Taste it.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yep, it's fat. I drank fat!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, mister tux!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Why aren't you guys dressed?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	We have a half hour.	Mad
Ross Geller	No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey-hey! Oh, look at you, all sexy.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Really.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ooooh! Wow!! Oh, hi.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	How come you didn't come over earlier?	Neutral
Ross Geller	'Cause, I'm a stupid, stupid man.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Ross, want some cider?	Mad
Ross Geller	No. So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, I just have to get dressed.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Glass of fat?	Neutral

Sherman Whitfield	Dr. Geller, Sherman Whitfield, London Institute.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Wow! What a pleasure.	Joyful
Sherman Whitfield	Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it confirmed everything that I have written.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Excuse me. Hi.	Neutral
Sherman Whitfield	Yes?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, your kind of sitting in my seat.	Mad
Sherman Whitfield	What do you mean, your seat?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I mean, I was sitting there.	Mad
Sherman Whitfield	But, you got up!	Mad
Chandler Bing	But, I never left the room!	Mad
Sherman Whitfield	But, you left the chair area.	Mad
Chandler Bing	All right, that's it, give me your underwear.	Mad

Monica Geller	Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Where'd you get fruit at four in the morning?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I didn't know there were docks.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Aww, is it broken?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks.	Sad
Rachel Green	Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What is this? Fruit?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Monica's making jam.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Because the kids need new shoes.	Mad
Monica Geller	I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	This will just be my batch.	Peaceful

Phoebe Buffay	Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.	Scared
Guy	You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	What?	Neutral
Guy	One more chance Ursula, please?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward.	Neutral
Guy	Wh..	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.	Neutral
Guy	Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, you're not a dingus.	Neutral
Guy	I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.	Neutral
Guy	Well thanks.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?	Peaceful
Guy	Not really.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.	Neutral
Guy	Wait. You're right. I know you're right. And, thanks for being so nice. Here	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, thanks a lot. Do you want to get a cup of coffee?	Neutral
Guy	Yeah, okay.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Okay, you don't have to walk behind me any more.	Neutral
Guy	Sorry.	Sad

Malcom	Here's my binoculars.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.	Powerful
Malcom	These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah. What's this?	Neutral
Malcom	Oh, this is log I kept, recording her every movement. Do you wanna here something from it?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Um, not even a little bit.	Sad
Malcom	It's about you.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay then.	Powerful
Malcom	I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Good. So what were you thinking?	Peaceful
Malcom	I was thinking what it would be like to kiss you.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Really?	Joyful
Malcom	No.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Sad
Malcom	See that's just something I said now, so that maybe I could kiss you.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Oh my God, what happened?	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh. God, crazy Chandler. He spun me...off...the...bed!	Scared
Rachel Green	Wow! Spinning that sounds like fun.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, I wish. No, you know he was just trying Ross's Hug and Roll thing.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ross's what?	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	You know what, where he hugs you and kinda rolls you away and... Oh... my....God.	Joyful

Malcom	Phoebe?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yes? Yes! Oh.	Joyful
Malcom	What are you doing?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh.	Peaceful
Malcom	Were you following me?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.	Joyful
Malcom	So you spied on me. I can't believe you don't trust me.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?	Neutral
Malcom	I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.	Joyful
Malcom	Uh-huh, I don't know.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.	Sad
Rachel Green	Honey, you got a little thing on your...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Did I get it?	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hello.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hello.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey. Uh, Chan, can I uh, can I talk to you for a second?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Sure. What's up?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Just one uh, one additional relationship thought. Probably something your already familiar with, uh, women talk!	Mad

Host	Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, oh! It's on again!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	You guys, can we please not watch this all right.	Neutral
#ALL#	Shhhh!	Sad
Host	Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, you said it Mike. Aw! There's got to be a better way!	Joyful
Mike	And there is Kevin.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Can we please turn this off?	Scared
Rachel Green	Noo way, Kevin.	Scared
Mike	There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Are you intrigued?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!	Neutral
Mike	Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, it is easy. Now, I can have milk everyday.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Come on baby, come on!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Very nice touch.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Unbelievable.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Thank you so much.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Two?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Nooo, four.	Scared

Janice Litman Goralnik	So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this.	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, you didn't have to do this.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	We should?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	You probably want us to move in together?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It doesn't scare me!	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.	Sad

Rachel Green	Honey, this will help.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uff.	Neutral
Monica Geller	That is never good.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Then I got all needy and clingy.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	She said she'd call me.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ohh!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh God.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Welcome to our side of the tunnel.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yeah, you do.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So, you don't think I'm terminal?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay, okay. So, should I call her?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Nooo!	Powerful
Rachel Green	This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.	Neutral
Monica Geller	She has to know that your not ready.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So I'm not, not gonna lose her?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben. 'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Drop the Barbi, drop the Barbi.	Joyful
Rachel Green	G.I. Joe? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Go Joe!!!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Helloo! Oh!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Pheebs! There you are!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No it's not, sorry.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	It's okay, these things happen.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	I'm, I'm okay. See.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	They actually said that?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You'll never get me, Joe!!!	Joyful

Janice Litman Goralnik	No, thank you. Chandler!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hello, Janice.	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	What are you doing here?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been?	Joyful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Are you being British?!	Sad
Chandler Bing	No. Not anymore.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Barley? What kind of party serves barley?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Where is this party?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Here in Chelsea.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Who's party is it?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	A woman's	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	What woman?!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Chelsea.	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Can I be that guy?	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, shoot.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I didn't get it?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, what else?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, no, I understand.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	You do, thanks.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Sorry.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Wait a minute.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	That's-ah what I suspected-ah.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.	Sad
Monica Geller	My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.	Scared
Chandler Bing	I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah, it is.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You know what, everything's gonna be okay.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?	Scared
Rachel Green	Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.	Scared
Monica Geller	If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hello!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yes, and grumpy.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!	Scared
Rachel Green	He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I love you too.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Aw, it's soo unfair.	Sad

Carol Willick	G. I. Joe. G. I. Joe?!	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	What'd you do, dip it in sugar?	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'	Mad
Monica Geller	What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.	Mad
Ross Geller	What?	Scared
Monica Geller	Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.	Mad
Ross Geller	What are you talking about?	Scared
Monica Geller	The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Okay, you are totally making this up.	Mad
Monica Geller	How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh God.	Scared
Susan Bunch	I've literally never been this happy.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wasn't there a little song?	Powerful
Carol Willick	Oh please God, let there be a song.	Joyful
Ross Geller	There was no song. There was no song!	Scared
Monica Geller	'I am Bea.'	Powerful
Ross Geller	Okay.	Mad
Monica Geller	'I drink tea.'	Joyful
Ross Geller	Okay, that's, that's enough.	Scared
Monica Geller	'....Won't you, won't you, won't you.... '	Joyful
Ross Geller	Won't you dance around with me.	Scared
Monica Geller	A-ha!!!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Hey!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No. Y'know how we're always saying we need a place for the mail.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	You're building a post office?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It's a one day job, max.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay. My word! Those are snug.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente's.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Power saw kinda got away from me there.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hey Pheebs.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Any sign of your brother?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, but he's always late.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I thought you only met him once?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well relax, he'll be here.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.	Scared
Rachel Green	Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Oh, I'm sorry. Did I get 'ya?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, you didn't get me!! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Calm down, do you want this unit or not?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I do NOT want this unit!!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, you should've told me that before, I'm not a mind reader. Hey, we're out of beer. I'm going to Monica's.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Fine!	Mad

Monica Geller	Hey! Where 'ya headin' in those pants? 1982?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Why, what's wrong with my bathroom floor?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I highly doubt that.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Relax. Here hold this . This old stuff just comes right off.	Powerful
Monica Geller	That's a little more than I wanted to see.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It'd take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it.	Scared
Monica Geller	I can't leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Eh! There you go.	Joyful
Monica Geller	You know that's nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Oh, ew!	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	What?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	What, wait, you mean like this?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, yeah. You can do it to.	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	Your not doing it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can't. We don't have that....	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	When's your birthday?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Feburary 16th.	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	I know a guy who's the 18th.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wow, that's close. When's yours?	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	October 25th.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	That's the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Melt stuff.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Okay, I've got three of my five.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Three of your five, what?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Celebrities I'm allowed to sleep with.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Yeah, it's hard okay, I only have two spots left.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, Elizabeth Hurely....	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Susan Sarandon.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	And!! Isabella Rosselini.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.	Joyful
Rachel Green	So?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, 'cause that's why you won't get Isabella Rosselini, geography.	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	Okay so, by melting, you meant melting.	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	Yeah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	So is it like art?	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	Yeah, you can melt art. Hey, can I use your phone?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	No, I wanna melt it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I'm just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.	Sad
Frank Buffay Jr.	Yeah!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	G'night, bro.	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	G'night.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Here. Y'know, just in case.	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Oh, excellent.	Joyful

Monica Geller	What kind of karate is that?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No kind. He just makes it up.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So how's it going with you guys?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ah!!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, how do you play the shadow game?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh, how do you play the shadow game?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I just asked you.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I just asked you.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I don't have time for this.	Mad
Monica Geller	No, that is what the game is.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Which you just gave up really quickly.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Have you seen Joey?	Neutral
Monica Geller	What's the matter?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What's going on?	Powerful
Monica Geller	He's retiling my floor.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.	Mad
Chandler Bing	He started mine first!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.	Joyful

Frank Buffay Jr.	Whoa! Big octopus.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	Hey, what kind of work do you do?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! I'm a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	You-you work at one of those massage parlors?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, y'know we don't call it that, but yeah!	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Wow! That's wild! No, I had no idea.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	All righty. I'll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	You mean like watch?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Well, I don't think this, y'know.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?	Joyful

Monica Geller	It's beautiful! It's like the first bathroom floor there ever was. Whoa! Are you going in there for?	Scared
Chandler Bing	What, like a number?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hi! Bye!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Okay, I'm done with my choices, these are final.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, it's about time.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ooh, very official.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.	Scared
Monica Geller	And who laminated it?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	That would be me.	Joyful
Rachel Green	All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hey, it's my list.	Sad
Rachel Green	Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Okay, on three. One....Two....	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Why don't we just go on two.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Why two?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Because it's faster.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk.	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	All right, but in the future...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay!! Okay!!	Mad
Rachel Green	Come on!	Mad
Ross Geller	Heavy thing, not getting lighter!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, one...two...	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	So we are going on two?	Peaceful
#ALL#	All right!!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh, good job Joe.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, it's big!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Maybe, my ruler's wrong.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Maybe all the rulers are wrong.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Look it's not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Y'know what?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Umm?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I bet 'ya ya I could fit in there.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I've got five bucks says you can't.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Get out your checkbook, mister.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh, I think I have the cash.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	You are dogged man! I totally fit!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, you got me. I'm out five big ones! Here you go.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Thank you. Cha-ching! Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. And the drinks are on me!	Joyful

Janice Litman Goralnik	Janice has a question. Who of the six of you has sleep with the six of you?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wow, it's like a dirty math problem.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm sorry the answer there would be...none of us.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, that's really a different question.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What?!!	Mad
Rachel Green	Excuse me, there was no time!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?	Powerful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Does anybody need more coffee?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, I'll take some.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, there's a dog out there!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?	Neutral
Eric (photographer)	Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.	Joyful
Eric (photographer)	Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Don't you ah, don't you wanna ask me any questions?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Sure. Ummm. What's up?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What gay thing?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, y'know just in general people being gay, thing. I'm totally cool with that.	Peaceful

Ross Geller	No real-, honey, really it's fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	So what are they doing?	Joyful
Ross Geller	I don't know, something girlie.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, you're early.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What are you doing with the lamp?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I'm just taking it to be re-wired.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.	Scared
Mr. Heckles	You're disturbing my oboe practice.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	You don't play the oboe!	Mad
Mr. Heckles	I could play the oboe!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Then I'm gonna have to ask you to keep it down.	Mad
Mr. Heckles	Who are you?	Scared
Eric (photographer)	Hi, I'm Eric, I'm gonna be Chandler's new roommate.	Peaceful
Mr. Heckles	I'm Chandler's new roommate.	Peaceful
Eric (photographer)	I-I-I don't think so.	Powerful
Mr. Heckles	I could be Chandler's new roommate.	Mad
Eric (photographer)	But, he told me over the phone.	Scared
Mr. Heckles	He told me in person.	Powerful
Eric (photographer)	That's weird.	Scared
Mr. Heckles	Well, I'm going to go into my new apartment now. Ehh!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Hi, again.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thank you soo, much.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, don't thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You want some help with that?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, no thanks, I got it. No I don't!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Whoa! Are you okay?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head rush.	Scared
Monica Geller	It's the heat. And-and the humidity.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	That's a uh, that's a tough combination.	Scared
Monica Geller	Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Like you wouldn't believe. Wow! This is a great place.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Gotcha.	Neutral
Monica Geller	This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, you bet I am!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Okay, here's your penis!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	You said, you wanna come in for some lemonade?	Scared
Monica Geller	So?!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa, ah!! We're you just gonna give me some lemonade?	Scared
Monica Geller	Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh right, right.	Scared
Monica Geller	I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.	Sad
Monica Geller	It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	Pheebs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Huh?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Where's your bed?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	It's not in the apartment? Oh no. I can't believe this is happening again.	Scared
Monica Geller	What?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I've, I don't live here anymore.	Mad
Monica Geller	What are you talking about?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!	Scared
Monica Geller	Everybody knows!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.	Scared
Monica Geller	Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What?!?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.	Scared
Monica Geller	You can spill. In the sink.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I love you, too.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Aww, good. What?	Joyful
Monica Geller	What? I'm just said.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No you're not, you're wondering which cushion it is.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	So ah, whatcha watching?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Baywatch.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What's it about?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Lifeguards.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, it sounds kinda stupid... Who's she?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Wow! Look at them run.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	They do that a lot. Hey, you want a beer?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I'll go get one.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, no, no, don't get up, I got a cooler right here.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Well, hello!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Do you have any beers? We're out of beers.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Help yourself.	Sad
Chandler Bing	You okay?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Phoebe moved out.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Right.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?	Sad
Chandler Bing	Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, I think so.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.	Peaceful

Ross Geller	Hi. Where is everybody?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, it's already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?	Sad
Ross Geller	My marriage, I think my marriage is um, is kinda over.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no! Why?	Scared
Ross Geller	'Cause Carol's a lesbian. And, and I'm not one. And apparently it's not a mix and match situation.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God! I don't believe it! Oh, you poor bunny.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	I'm an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I'd be out and she'd, she'd see some beautiful woman, and, and she'd be Ross y'know look at her, and I'd think, God, my wife is cool!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Well, now I do!!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry.	Sad
Ross Geller	Seven years. I mean we've been together seven years, she's the only woman who's ever loved me, and the only woman I've-I've ever....	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Aw, God Ross. Oh.	Sad

Chandler Bing	Umm, this is nice.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I know, it is isn't it?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, it's, it's gonna be....	Joyful
Monica Geller	I know. Thanks.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	I can't believe you came back.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Don't say anything. I don't wanna speak, I don't wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.	Powerful
Friend No. 2	Rachel! Rachel!	Scared
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Friend No. 2	You missed the exit!	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh, sorry.	Sad
Friend No. 1	My God, what were you thinking about?	Scared
Rachel Green	Um, Barry.	Scared
Her Friends	Awwww!!	Peaceful

Ross Geller	So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....	Neutral
Rachel Green	I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.	Joyful
Gunther	What does Rachel see in this guy? I love Rachel. I wish she was my wife.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Who's singing?	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I was always Joanne.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ewww! Oh! It's the Mattress King!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Booo!!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!	Mad
Janice Litman Goralnik	Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.	Peaceful
Matress King	'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What a wank!	Mad
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.	Mad
Monica Geller	I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.	Joyful
Matress King	I'm close. I'm cheap. I'm the king.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.	Scared
Monica Geller	Not at these prices.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.	Peaceful

Rachel Green	Hi Daddy!	Joyful
Leonard Green	This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.	Joyful
Rachel Green	You remember Ross.	Neutral
Leonard Green	Um-hmm.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Nice to see you again Dr. Green.	Peaceful
Leonard Green	So! How's the library?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ugh, museum.	Sad
Leonard Green	What happened to the library?	Neutral
Ross Geller	There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.	Mad
Leonard Green	You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, if you're really hungry. It was a joke, I made a joke.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.	Neutral
Leonard Green	What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.	Joyful
Ross Geller	It's not a library...	Neutral
Leonard Green	I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.	Joyful
Student	Hey, Mr. Trib.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey-hey.	Neutral
Student	Guess what, I got an audition!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.	Powerful
Student	I was wondering if you would consider coaching me for it?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	You bet! What's the part?	Joyful
Student	Oh it's great, it's a role on All My Children, Nick the boxer.	Neutral

Rachel Green	You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.	Mad
Ross Geller	Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Um. yeah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I am soo dead.	Sad
Rachel Green	All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?	Sad
Ross Geller	Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.	Sad
Rachel Green	Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!	Sad
Ross Geller	Okay, okay, okay. I'll get the bagels.	Sad

Monica Geller	What's this?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Isn't it cool! Varoom! Varoom!	Joyful
Monica Geller	This is not the bed I ordered!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I know, you must've won like a contest or something!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Phoebe!	Mad
Monica Geller	Why is this car in my bedroom?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...	Scared
Monica Geller	When did I sign for it?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!	Scared
Monica Geller	Did you make brownies today?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Knock, knock.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	It's Monica's bed. What?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Okay. It's a racecar.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?	Powerful
Monica Geller	Sometimes I have bad dreams.	Scared

Student	Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that's not gonna be me, not me.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Wow! That was good. That was... Tweezers?	Joyful
Student	No.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa. That was really good.	Joyful
Student	Thanks, any suggestions?	Neutral

Chandler Bing	You told him to play the boxer gay!!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I-I might've said supergay.	Scared
Chandler Bing	You totally screwed him over.	Mad
Monica Geller	Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Because, Monica, the guy's so good, and I really, really want this part.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, if you really, really want it, then it's okay.	Neutral

Jester	Uh, may I help you?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.	Mad
Jester	Look, it's like I told you, there's nothing I can do. You signed for it, Monica Velula Geller.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.	Mad
Jester	Nobody sees the king!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh-ho-kay, I'm talking to the king.	Mad
Jester	Hey! You can't go back there!	Mad
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh my God.	Scared

Chandler Bing	Eh..., I don't, I don't know.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?	Joyful
Gunther	Rachel?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Gunther	Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?	Joyful
Gunther	Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Eh, do you believe that?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yeah?	Neutral

Sarah Tuttle	So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I was shrieking... like a Marine.	Joyful
Ross Geller	All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.	Powerful

Monica Geller	You broke a little girl's leg?!!	Mad
Ross Geller	I know. I feel horrible. Okay.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?	Scared
Monica Geller	Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...	Mad
Rachel Green	I'm gonna get back to retraining.	Neutral
Ross Geller	All right, see you guys.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Look out kids, he's coming!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	And I gotta go sell some Christmas trees.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What? Me having a job?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Really?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.	Powerful
Gunther	...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....	Neutral
Rachel Green	Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.	Mad
Gunther	What if you put them here.	Mad
Rachel Green	Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.	Joyful
Gunther	They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.	Sad
Gunther	It's all right. Sweetheart.	Peaceful

Ross Geller	So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.	Peaceful
Sarah Tuttle	Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?	Peaceful
Sarah Tuttle	Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.	Neutral
Sarah Tuttle	No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?	Neutral
Sarah Tuttle	The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Sarah Tuttle	So far, I've sold seventy-five.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?	Scared
Sarah Tuttle	Five dollars a box.	Joyful
Ross Geller	And what is second prize?	Scared
Sarah Tuttle	A ten speed bike. But, I'd rather have something my Dad couldn't sell.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Well, that makes sense.	Peaceful
Sarah Tuttle	Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, Sarah, anything.	Peaceful
Sarah Tuttle	Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.	Sad

Woman	Yesss?	Scared
Ross Geller	Hi, I'm selling Brown Bird cookies.	Peaceful
Woman	You're no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.	Scared
Ross Geller	No, hi, I'm, I'm an honorary Brown Bird	Joyful
Woman	What does that mean?	Scared
Ross Geller	Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.	Neutral
Woman	I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!	Mad
Ross Geller	No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.	Scared
Woman	I'm pressing, a policeman is on his way.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going.	Scared
Woman	I can still see you!	Mad
Ross Geller	All right!!	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey. What, what are you doing here?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Destiny.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Sure.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yes.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Yikes! That one doesn't look very fulfilled.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, that's, that's ah, one of the old ones, he's just taking it to the back.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	So, what happens to the old guys?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, they go into the chipper.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? No! Nooooo!!!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! Hey!!	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it's a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.	Joyful
Guy	Looks good. I'll take it.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don't want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one.	Powerful
Guy	It's-it's-it's almost dead!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.	Sad
Guy	I-I think I'm gonna look around a little bit more.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Pheebs, you gotta stop this, I working on commission here.	Mad
Monica Geller	Hey, guys. I'm here to pick out my Christmas tree.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Well look no further, this one's yours! Ahhh.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Is this the one that I threw out last year?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh honey, is that 'cause your Mom died around Christmas?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I wasn't even thinking about that.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh.	Sad

Ross Geller	Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?	Neutral
Girl	I'm not gonna tell you! You're the bad man who broke Sarah's leg.	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey now! That was an accident, okay.	Peaceful
Girl	You're a big scrud.	Mad
Ross Geller	What's a scrud?	Peaceful
Girl	Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.	Mad
Ross Geller	I don't have too. I can just look at you.	Joyful
Leader	All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Not nice enough.	Scared
Leader	Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Good for a scrud.	Joyful
Leader	Oh, yes Elizabeth. Ah, 871.	Neutral
Ross Geller	That's crap!! Sister Brown Bird. Good going.	Joyful
Leader	Who's next?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hi there!	Joyful
Leader	Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.	Scared

Chandler Bing	Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Hey! How'd the interview go?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, I blew it. I wouldn't of even hired me.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. That's not how that was supposed to come out.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	This is the worst Christmas ever.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.	Sad
Ross Geller	That word was swans.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! Oh my God!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Merry Christmas!!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you're the best!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hello? Yeah, this is she. Oh! You're kidding! You're kidding! Oh thank you! I love you!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Sure, everybody loves a kidder.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I got the job!	Joyful
#ALL#	That's great! Hey! Excellent!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, God bless us, everyone.	Joyful

Ross Geller	I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!	Joyful
Sarah Tuttle	Really Mr. Geller, you don't have to do this.	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh come on! Here we go! Stand by for mission countdown!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ten, ten.., nine, nine, nine...., eight, eight, eight... Okay, Blast off!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I'm an alien. I'm an alien.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh no! An asteroid!	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Okay, pick a card, any card. All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Um-mm.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right, give it back to me. 5 of hearts.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Real magic does exist.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Wow.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow. Joey, how do you do it?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I can't tell you that, no.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.	Mad
Monica Geller	He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'	Powerful
Monica Geller	I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, that is silly. I'll go up there, I'll tell him to keep it down.	Mad
Monica Geller	All right, be my guest.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Good luck.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.	Joyful
#ALL#	Oh, I got it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .	Mad
Guy	Whoa, you are very beautiful.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, thank you.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?	Mad
Monica Geller	Honey, what's the matter?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I just saw Janice.	Mad
#ALL#	Oh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....	Sad
Ross Geller	Hey Chandler, there's a party tomorrow, you'll feel better then.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, y'know what, I'm gonna be okay, you don't have to throw a party for me.	Neutral
Monica Geller	It's Joey's birthday.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.	Neutral

Mr. Kaplan	How's that coffee comin,' dear?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan.	Neutral
Mr. Kaplan	I'm not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.	Mad
Rachel Green	I know!	Neutral
Mr. Kaplan	I'll bet your thinking, 'What's an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?' Eh?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Op.	Neutral
Mr. Kaplan	Eh.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, you got me.	Neutral
Mr. Kaplan	Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, that sounds great.	Joyful
Mr. Kaplan	Come on over here, sweetheart.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much.	Peaceful
Mr. Kaplan	I need these hangers separated ASAP. You're welcome.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.	Mad
Monica Geller	I know honey, I'm sorry.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.	Mad
Monica Geller	Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.	Scared
Rachel Green	Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?	Peaceful
Guy	I'm sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah....	Joyful
Rachel Green	It's not funny, this is actually my job.	Mad
Guy	Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.	Mad
Guy	Ah, just one other thing.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yes?!	Scared
Guy	I ah, I work at Bloomingdale's and I might know of a job possibility if your, if your interested?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Do you want my pickle?	Neutral

Ross Geller	So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.	Powerful
Monica Geller	How ya feelin'?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well, my apartment isn't there anymore, because I drank it.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.	Sad
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.	Joyful
#ALL#	Woooo hoooo!!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ow, no 'woo-hooing,' no 'woo-hooing.'	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Why, what happened?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. Well, that's not the worst part.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What is the worse part?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I can't remember which sister.	Sad
Ross Geller	You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! This is men!!	Mad

Rachel Green	Did he call? Did Mark call?	Scared
Monica Geller	No honey, I'm sorry, but the weekend's not over yet.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh. Oh my God, is that Phoebe?	Scared
Monica Geller	I guess they're back from their date.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Music. Very nice.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh my God!	Scared
Rachel Green	So, how are you?	Powerful
Monica Geller	I am good. I finished my book.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh yeah, what's it about?	Powerful
Monica Geller	I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, I do.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?	Scared
Ross Geller	Where in Cuba?	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm here to see Mary-Angela.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Where's Mary-Angela?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	She's right in there.	Neutral
Joey's Sisters	Hey, Chandler!	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hey!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Rachel Green	What are you doing here?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I...	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh.	Scared
Ross Geller	Hi.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	How'd did it go?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I'm so proud of you.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Me too!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Listen, I'm ah, I'm sorry I've been so crazy and jealous and, it's just that I like you a lot, so...	Scared
Rachel Green	I know.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Mark Robinson	Rachel?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah. Hi Mark!	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, I did!	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Yes.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh my God!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Congratu!! -lations-lations.	Sad

Monica Geller	So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh well y'know.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah, I do know.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ick, you were eavesdropping.	Mad
Rachel Green	Eavesdropping. Pheebs, the ceiling tiles were falling down.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I'm sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Maybe he's just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?	Mad
Ross Geller	Ah, we'll all go. Come on.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Thanks you guys! Thank you.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Don't worry.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	God, I hope they kick his ass!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Honey, I'm sorry.	Sad
Monica Geller	Y'know if it's any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you.	Peaceful
Guy	May I help you?	Scared

Ross Geller	She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Scared
Ross Geller	Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Who?	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'll get you the Cliff Notes.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	The what?	Mad
Chandler Bing	The abridgment.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, okay. The what?	Powerful

Jeannine	All right, I just got changed in thirty seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Please, I'm not going for anything.	Neutral
Jeannine	Well, if you don't, I will.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Would you please go?	Neutral
Jeannine	Night Mon. Night Julio.	Neutral
Julio (poet)	Adios.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Look Julio, someone left their book here.	Neutral
Julio (poet)	Ah actually, that is mine.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh yeah, what are you reading?	Neutral
Julio (poet)	Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?	Neutral
Julio (poet)	I thought I would, but the translation's no good.	Sad
Monica Geller	Your a poet and don't know it.	Sad
Julio (poet)	Actually I ah, I am a poet.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, then you do know it. So um what kind of things do you write about?	Neutral
Julio (poet)	Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Mine? Right here?	Neutral
Julio (poet)	I can write an epic poem about this lip.	Powerful
Monica Geller	How would that go? Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, you've got to pick a pocket or two..........	Joyful
Director	Lovely, just lovely.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Really? Thanks.	Peaceful
Director	Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the callback on Saturday.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Excellent, I'll be there.	Peaceful
Director	Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part.	Neutral
Director	Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.	Neutral

Mark Robinson	Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, yeah, sure, it's umm...	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Wh-what's that?	Scared
Ross Geller	It's from Ross, it's a love bug.	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.	Mad
Man	Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yes.	Neutral
Man	One, two, three...	Joyful
Quartet	Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.	Joyful
The Bass Barber	Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.	Joyful
Quartet	And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...	Joyful
The Bass Barber	It's nice to have a boyfriend.	Joyful
Quartet	Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!	Joyful

Ross Geller	I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!	Scared
Rachel Green	All right Ross!! I get it!!	Mad
Ross Geller	I mean my God...	Peaceful
Rachel Green	You're hurt!	Mad
Ross Geller	...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!	Mad
Ross Geller	I would never do that!	Mad
Rachel Green	Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Mark's a genius!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Why?! How?! How is he a genius?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.	Scared
Ross Geller	What am I going to do?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	I don't know you guys.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'	Scared
Chandler Bing	He paints quite a picture doesn't he?	Neutral

Woman	Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.	Neutral
Mark Robinson	And wait, I've got something for you.	Joyful
Woman	Mark!!	Mad
Mark Robinson	It's okay, Rachel knows.	Neutral
Woman	Yeah, but even soo.	Mad
Mark Robinson	I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohhh! That is soo sweet!	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.	Joyful
Ross Geller	All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!	Mad
Mark Robinson	What is going on?	Neutral
Ross Geller	What's going on?! That's what's going on!!	Mad
Rachel Green	Ross!	Mad
Ross Geller	I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.	Mad

Director	Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	So, does that mean the audition is off?	Scared
Director	Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What?!	Neutral
Director	Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands.	Scared
Director	Have fun.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Bye.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	What are you wrapping?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh-ho, look what I got Julio.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, it's a vase.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, just like the one in the poem.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well not exactly like the one in the poem.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What do you mean?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?	Mad
Julio (poet)	What?	Powerful
Monica Geller	Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.	Mad
Julio (poet)	Whoa, whoa, whoa.	Scared
Monica Geller	You don't even know me...	Joyful
Julio (poet)	Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What?	Joyful
Julio (poet)	The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...	Sad
Julio (poet)	No, it's about all women. Well, all American women. You feel better now?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh yeah.	Mad

Director	All right, let's do it!	Joyful
Director	No, no, no. What was that?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I know, it was the best I could get out of them.	Neutral
Director	Well, people!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	People, people, people.	Neutral
Director	Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. Show 'em how it's done. Count it off.	Neutral

Man	Is there a Julio here?	Neutral
Julio (poet)	I am Julio.	Neutral
Man	Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.	Joyful
Quartet	Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.	Powerful
Bass Singer	No one likes a buttmunch.	Powerful
Quartet	And your also bad in bedd-edd-edd!.	Powerful

Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Clerk	Six dollars, please.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Six? I just had it for one night. It's three.	Mad
Clerk	Eight o'clock is the cut-off and, aww, it's 8:02.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you're gonna have to help me out here, 'cause I only have three.	Mad
Richard Burke	I can help with that.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh my God. Richard? Hi!	Joyful
Richard Burke	Hi!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow! Your lip went bald. Hey, thanks.	Joyful
Richard Burke	So, you look great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Right.	Mad
Richard Burke	No you do. You... just...	Scared
Monica Geller	What?	Scared
Richard Burke	You've got panties stuck to your leg.	Scared
Monica Geller	That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.	Scared
Richard Burke	It's good to see you.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	It's good to see you too.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.	Joyful
Richard Burke	He's gonna go up to the counter with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Clockwork Orgy. This is nice.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah.	Joyful
Richard Burke	I missed this.	Sad
Monica Geller	Me too.	Sad
Richard Burke	So, you wanna get a hamburger or something?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, um, I don't know if that's a good idea.	Sad
Richard Burke	Oh. Look, just friends, I won't grope you. I promise.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, I just I think that it's too soon.	Peaceful
Richard Burke	No it's not too soon, I had lunch at a eleven.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hey.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Do you have any ice?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hmm. Umm, why do you have a copy of The Shining in your freezer?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.	Scared
Rachel Green	But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.	Joyful
Rachel Green	How often do you read it?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.	Mad
Rachel Green	Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	All right, you got it.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	All right.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Okay.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Okay.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, now Rach, these ah, these little women.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	How little are they? I mean, are they like scary little?	Scared

Richard Burke	So when people complement me on my cooking should I, what do I say?	Powerful
Monica Geller	You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.	Joyful
Richard Burke	Ew, this feels very weird.	Scared
Monica Geller	You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.	Powerful
Richard Burke	Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.	Scared
Monica Geller	Oops.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Okay.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Gotta keep squishing.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Tomatoes are squishing.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Okay.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Op.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, gosh, you got some on your shirt.	Peaceful
Richard Burke	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hold on a second, just put a little club soda on it and it should umm, be.....	Peaceful
Richard Burke	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Umm, you've got some on your pants.	Sad
Richard Burke	I'll just throw them out.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	So we can be friends who sleep together.	Neutral
Richard Burke	Absolutely, this will just be something we do, like racquetball.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?	Mad
Richard Burke	Just your dad. Although that's actually racquetball. You know I-I do have a blind date with my sister's neighbour next Tuesday.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh.	Neutral
Richard Burke	You want me to cancel it?	Neutral
Monica Geller	No! No!	Scared
Richard Burke	Okay.	Neutral
Monica Geller	'Cause if you do that means you'd be cancelling it for me, and we're just friends.	Peaceful
Richard Burke	Exactly.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Sorry. I'm sorry.	Scared
Monica Geller	You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.	Mad
Monica Geller	What are you smiling at?	Joyful
Rachel Green	I'm sorry, I was just thinking you're day could still pick up.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah, right.	Mad
Richard Burke	Hello.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I love this friend thing!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'	Scared
Chandler Bing	We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.	Mad
Ross Geller	He's right, even if it's to say something complementary.	Joyful
Robert Bobby	Hey!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey.	Neutral
Robert Bobby	So are ready for the gym? They've got this new rock climbing wall, we can spot each other.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	No, I can spot you from here.	Neutral
Robert Bobby	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, listen Robert...	Scared
Ross Geller	Hey, don't we have to...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, we got, um-hmm.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Umm, I think you're really, really great...	Joyful
Robert Bobby	Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I-I-I-I-I don't know, I don't know what to say.	Scared
Gunther	Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.	Mad

Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Beth is really, really sick.	Sad
Rachel Green	Awwww.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Jo's there, but I don't think there's anything she could do.	Sad
Rachel Green	Joey?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Do you want to put the book in the freezer?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay.	Neutral

Singer	'Cause every time I see your face, I can't help but fall from grace. I know.....	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Wow! This girl is good.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I like her.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, that's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Look at you. All jealous.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she's more.. y'know, and you're more	Peaceful
Singer	beside meeeee-eeee-ee. .	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she's done.	Mad
Singer	Okay, my next song's called Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no, one of those 'look for the hidden meaning' songs.	Mad

Singer	Hey Phoebe.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey Leslie, how'd you know I'd be here?	Joyful
Leslie	I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	So ah, Phoebe tells us you write jingles.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Actually I said she abandoned me to write jingles.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, anything we might of heard of?	Joyful
Leslie	Ah, yeah, umm. Home is never far away..	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Home is Home Star stew.	Joyful
Leslie	Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hmm, bummer.	Sad
Leslie	Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you'd want to get back together?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No. But thanks.	Neutral
Leslie	Aw come on Phoebe would you just think about it?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. No. But thanks.	Neutral
Leslie	Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, that was kinda brutal.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?	Sad
Monica Geller	Yeah, sure.	Neutral

Gunther	Someone in there?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'	Mad
Chandler Bing	Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?	Peaceful
Woman	Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.	Peaceful
Woman	Ginger.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Ginger. I'm talking to Ginger, so....	Powerful
Ginger	Don't you have to use the bathroom?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom.	Scared
Gunther	Someone in here.	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	Where's Chandler?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, he can't make it, he said he had to his... Whoa-oh!	Scared
Ginger	Joey? Joey Tribbiani?	Scared
Ginger	Joey I can see you okay? You're hiding behind the coats.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Phew, close one.	Mad

Ross Geller	Hi.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hi, sweetie!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hello.	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Hi, Ross.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, huh.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I've got some bad news.	Sad
Ross Geller	What?	Scared
Rachel Green	I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?	Peaceful
Mark Robinson	Actually, it's kinda my fault. I-I quit today.	Scared
Ross Geller	But work comes first! Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?	Sad
Rachel Green	Nooo, he's leaving for a better job.	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.	Peaceful
Mark Robinson	Okay, then.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Okay.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Well we're gonna miss you around here.	Sad
Mark Robinson	Yeah, me too.	Sad
Mark Robinson	So, see ya on Saturday.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, you bet.	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room.	Joyful
Ginger	Actually, me too.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.	Mad
Ginger	Oh damn, I hate that.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, we're gonna have to get you out of those shoes.	Joyful
Ginger	Oh, don't worry about it.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	No, really you're gonna freeze.	Sad
Ginger	No, I'm not.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?	Neutral
Ginger	Some day, maybe.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Funny book?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn't mind.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh, no, no, no, it's-it's not the lecture ah, I mind, umm....	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, please tell me it's not because I'm going with Mark.	Mad
Ross Geller	Oh, well...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh my God!!! Ross!!	Mad
Ross Geller	Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?	Mad
Rachel Green	Because, he's my friend.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay, but do you really need another friend? I mean...	Mad
Rachel Green	Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?	Mad
Ross Geller	Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?	Mad
Rachel Green	I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.	Mad
Ross Geller	Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Really!?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me. What?	Joyful
Ross Geller	What should I wear, now I'm all nervous.	Scared

Monica Geller	Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.	Scared
Monica Geller	Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You think you know me so well.	Mad
Monica Geller	Well, don't 'cha wanna?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Okay, well I do know you.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	That's what I said.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well so?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it's not your fault.	Joyful
Leslie	Wow, that's great.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah!	Joyful
Leslie	Y'know you could totally sell this. It'd be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.	Joyful
Leslie	What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.	Powerful
Leslie	Aw, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, can I borrow this? My milk's gone bad.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.	Powerful
Monica Geller	So umm, how was your date with Ginger?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Sounds like she's got the ah, whole package.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Joey told you about the leg, huh?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Uh-huh.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Morning.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Actually he's the smallest person in the world.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Heard about the leg burnin' huh?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	It came up.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Listen, I ah, I know it's a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?	Sad

Ross Geller	So I nodded off a little.	Sad
Rachel Green	Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!	Mad
Ross Geller	Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.	Mad
Rachel Green	Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'	Mad
Ross Geller	First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.	Mad
Rachel Green	Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.	Mad
Ross Geller	Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh, that is so...	Mad
Ross Geller	No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?	Scared
Ross Geller	No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.	Sad
Rachel Green	It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	That's a little clearer.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Sure, I-I-I...	Scared

Ginger	Your thinking about my leg aren't you?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?	Peaceful
Ginger	It's okay if it bothers you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is 'how much it bothers you?' because I don't like wasting my time. Am I wasting my time?	Sad
Chandler Bing	No. No. I don't think so.	Neutral
Ginger	Okay. It's just like anything else, you just have to get used to it.	Neutral
Ginger	What's that?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's-that's my nubbin.	Neutral
Ginger	What's a nubbin?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It's kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing.	Peaceful
Ginger	You have three nipples?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?	Joyful
Ginger	Nothing. I, I just remembered I have to leave.	Scared
Chandler Bing	You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?	Sad
Ginger	Ah well, it's nubbin. Nothing! Umm. Y'know what, I'll see you later. Okay.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I thought you weren't coming. What? Where were you?	Scared
Leslie	Come here, come here. Okay, don't get mad, okay.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, don't give me a reason to get mad, okay	Mad
Leslie	I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.	Mad
Leslie	No, no, I don't want to forget it.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?	Mad

Commercial	Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Sorry, Pheebs.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. You okay?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	We'd love too.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. 'Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.' That's all I have so far.	Mad

Chandler Bing	Well hello!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Where have you been?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	The doctor.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Is everything okay?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow! It's like Rachel in High School.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What?!!	Mad
Monica Geller	Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!	Neutral
Issac	Can I help you?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Uh-oh.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, y'know what, we're having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we'll need a little more time to think about it.	Scared
Issac	Chloe, switch with me, there's some guys here that got a crush on you.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Okay, that hurt us.	Mad
Chloe	Hi guys. I haven't seen you since this morning.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well ah, ........y'know.	Neutral
Chloe	Hey, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Both of us?	Joyful
Chloe	Maybe. Does that scare ya?	Joyful
Chloe	Relax. It's just Issac's D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	We'll be there.	Joyful
Chloe	Great. I'll ah, see ya then.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	All right, rock on.	Joyful

Mischa	He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.	Neutral
Mischa	Your eyes are very pretty.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Thank you, very much! Oh! Thank you!	Joyful
Mischa	He would like to kiss you.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, y'know what, you don't have to do that now. No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don't! Well the moment's over.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Mad
Mischa	Oy!	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	See there it is right there.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Wow! It's small.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.	Neutral
Monica Geller	So you had fun, huh?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. Except for, y'know when you're on a date and you're getting along really great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way.	Sad
Monica Geller	No.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What is ah, Rach in her room?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?	Mad
Monica Geller	All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. Call Rachel.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What's that on the bottom?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh that's my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat. She's fancy.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hello.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey, honey.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey, what's going on?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I've got to get this order in. Honey, I'm so sorry, but it looks like I'm gonna be here all night.	Sad
Ross Geller	What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?	Sad
Rachel Green	No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, don't call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!	Mad

Chandler Bing	Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, 10:30.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What time is it now?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	4:30.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah all right, so we'll hang out.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. Hey, remember when she brought up that thing about the three of us?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yes. Vividly.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	She was kidding about that right?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I-I-I think so. Yeah, I-I think so...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	God, that would be weird it that situation presented itself tonight, huh?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Dude, I don't know.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	She was kidding.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... y'know each would, y'know be?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, I guess, but what's like heads and what's tails?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...	Neutral
Ross Geller	No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.	Mad
Ross Geller	For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?	Mad
Rachel Green	You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.	Mad
Rachel Green	But I told you, I didn't have the time!	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.	Mad
Rachel Green	Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?	Mad
Ross Geller	No, but it'd be nice if you realised, it's just a job!	Mad
Rachel Green	Just a job!	Mad
Ross Geller	Yes.	Mad
Rachel Green	Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...	Mad
Ross Geller	No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.	Mad
Rachel Green	Well neither do I!	Mad
Ross Geller	Is this about Mark?	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh my God.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay, it's not, it's not.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.	Mad
Ross Geller	Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..	Peaceful
Rachel Green	No. A break from us.	Mad

Chloe	And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.	Joyful
Chloe	Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, hi Chloe.	Joyful
Chloe	I want you to met some friends of mine. This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don't do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say 'let's Ross it!'	Joyful
Chandler Bing	And that's the only colour that comes in.	Neutral
Issac	Yo, Chloe, do you have a quarter for the condom machine?	Joyful
Chloe	Oh!	Mad
Chandler Bing	So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, little change in plans. Ahh, we're gonna break-up instead.	Mad

Monica Geller	Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? Why? What did I say?	Joyful
Mischa	Well, you just asked if I wanted to go to bed with you tonight.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You didn't say Boutros Boutros Gali.	Neutral
Mischa	Boutros Boutros Gali.	Neutral
Mischa	He says he was too.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Interesting.	Neutral
Mischa	So I was wondering....	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.	Joyful
Mischa	Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.	Joyful
Mischa	Oh, really.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please. What are you doing?	Mad
Monica Geller	Well, I was having a conversation.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven't been able to say two words to each other.	Mad
Monica Geller	What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	That would be great. Thank you.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Hello!	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Oh, hi. It's Mark.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh.	Sad
Mark Robinson	What? Is it my breath?	Scared
Rachel Green	No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn't tonight your, your big anniversary dinner?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah. Well, umm.....	Neutral
Mark Robinson	Rach, are you okay?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, I'm fine.	Sad
Mark Robinson	You wanna talk, I mean I can come over?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No! Really, no, please, please, that's, that's okay.	Sad
Mark Robinson	All right, all right, I'm coming over, and I'm bringing Chinese food.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, yeah, I'm not, I'm not hungry.	Sad
Mark Robinson	It's for me.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh. Okay, bye.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	So what are you gonna do?	Neutral
Ross Geller	What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Hey, this isn't like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Why? What happened to him?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Nothing, he's just really believes in that.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.	Sad
Mark Robinson	Wow. I'm sorry. Eggroll?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No. And then I called him, and he wasn't there.	Sad
Mark Robinson	Well, then he's, he's probably just, out.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, thank you that's very helpful, I'm glad you came over.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hello.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi! It's me.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hi! Oh, I'm so glad you called.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?	Neutral
Mark Robinson	Hey, what do you want to drink?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Who's that?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Nobody.	Neutral
Mark Robinson	Is it okay if I finish the apple juice?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Is that Mark?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Umm, honey, look he just came over to....	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah! Got it!	Mad
Chloe	Hey, dinosaur guy, look at you, so sad. Come dance.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Ah, that's okay, thanks.	Sad
Chloe	Hey, you don't have to smile. You just have to dance.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Look, I don't feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?	Neutral
Chloe	Oh, okay. Hey, two beers.	Peaceful

Mischa	And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh. Can I have a tissue?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.	Scared
Mischa	Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, tell him, apology accepted.	Powerful
Mischa	Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey, the man's dog just died.	Sad
Mischa	I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.	Powerful
Monica Geller	It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.	Joyful
Sergei	Uh, plate?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Plate! Yes, plate.	Joyful
Sergei	Plate. Plate. Plate.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	See, we don't need them.	Peaceful
Sergei	Plate?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah.	Joyful

Sergei	Touchet, touchet, Miss Americccan pie. Ameri-ccan.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ameri-can.	Peaceful
Sergei	Ameri-ccan.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ameri-can. Y'know it's a very hard language. Let's do it again.	Powerful
Sergei	Everybody!!	Joyful

Ross Geller	I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.	Sad
Rachel Green	You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?	Mad
Ross Geller	Is this about Mark?	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh my God.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay, it's not, it's not.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.	Mad
Ross Geller	Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something..	Peaceful
Rachel Green	No. A break from us.	Sad

Rachel Green	Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.	Sad
Ross Geller	I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?	Scared
Mark Robinson	Hey, what do you want to drink?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Who's that?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Nobody.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Is that Mark?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Umm, honey, look he just came over to....	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah! Got it!	Mad

Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey.	Neutral
Monica Geller	How's the big anniversary dinner?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, we never actually got to dinner.	Sad
Monica Geller	Ohhh, nice.	Sad
Rachel Green	No, we kinda broke up instead.	Sad
Monica Geller	What?!	Scared
Rachel Green	God, Monica it's on the ceiling.	Scared
Monica Geller	That's okay, this is more important than fruit on my ceiling! You broke up?!	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah, but it's okay, because when Ross left Mark came over.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh no!!	Mad
Rachel Green	No.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Rachel, you and Mark?!	Scared
Rachel Green	No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, why are you mopping your ceiling?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, there's banana on it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.	Powerful
Monica Geller	So then you know?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh, good. Thanks.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Now what is Fabutec?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Waxine!!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yes! Have you seen it?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, it's incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I know!!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	God. Do think it really doesn't hurt? 'Cause how can they do that?	Scared
Monica Geller	Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	They have the best stuff in there.	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Oh my God! Oh my God!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?	Powerful
Ross Geller	You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?	Joyful
Ross Geller	What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, and there won't be a relationship left to rebuild.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, but don't you think....	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Yeah, okay.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	What trail?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,	Neutral
Monica Geller	Did that!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay. Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Was it not pain-free?	Neutral
Monica Geller	No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.	Neutral
Monica Geller	That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!	Mad
Monica Geller	Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips?	Neutral

Ross Geller	Jasmine?	Mad
Jasmine	Uh-huh.	Joyful
Ross Geller	We met at Phoebe's birthday party, I'm, I'm Ross Geller.	Mad
Jasmine	You did a bad thing!	Mad
Ross Geller	Yes, I did.	Peaceful
Jasmine	Very bad!	Sad
Ross Geller	Very bad.	Sad
Jasmine	Very, very bad.	Mad
Ross Geller	I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?	Peaceful
Jasmine	No.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?	Joyful
Jasmine	All right.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Thank you, thank you.	Peaceful
Jasmine	But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.	Scared
Ross Geller	Who's your roommate?	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	They've been quiet for a long time.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Maybe she killed him?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Let's go.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Is that your new walk?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No, I really have to pee.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wait. Really?! 'Cause mine get me out of tickets.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	It'll be great for next weekend.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No, no, no, this weekend guys!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	It'll be great for next weekend. I mean, it'll be grrreat.	Joyful
Ross Geller	What's going on?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel's sister's cabin.	Neutral
Ross Geller	So, for the whole weekend?	Sad
Monica Geller	We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.	Sad
Ross Geller	What a pity stay?	Sad
Monica Geller	No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hey, does anybody else feel bad about Ross?	Sad
Monica Geller	Why? Do you think he's still mad at us?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	What? Mine aren't tinted.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Chandler!!	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	What does the sign say?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Beam me up Jesus.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.	Powerful
#ALL#	Oh!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Please!	Neutral
Monica Geller	No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, now I have to go!!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What?	Scared
Rachel Green	Okay.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ow!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Aren't you gonna go?	Neutral
Rachel Green	No. Thank you.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' Well, if everybody's going.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No, y'know what don't close it 'cause the... keys...are in there.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What's going on?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	My lighter's in there!	Scared

Carol Willick	Hi!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Hey, what are you doing here?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Ah yeah, but now it's Susan and me in Mexico and the hostages coming home.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Where's Ben?	Neutral
Carol Willick	He's sleeping.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ahh. Ooh, is this a ah, is this a bad time?	Scared
Carol Willick	Umm, yeah, actually, Susan's gonna be home any minute, it's kinda an anniversary.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh! I thought you guys got married in uh, January?	Peaceful
Carol Willick	It's not that kind of anniversary.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ah! Oh.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Sooo!! Anyway...	Neutral
Ross Geller	Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.	Sad
Carol Willick	Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.	Sad
Ross Geller	Yeah, well.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh yeah, I'd love that.	Joyful
Carol Willick	Oh, great! Me too.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.	Sad

Phoebe Buffay	Okay, yeah. Triple A can pick us up.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Great!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, what town are we near?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?	Mad
Rachel Green	Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?	Mad
Rachel Green	I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.	Scared
Rachel Green	Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.	Scared
Monica Geller	Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.	Scared
Rachel Green	No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	But if...	Scared
Rachel Green	No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh good, oh Joey and Chandler are back.	Joyful
Monica Geller	So the going for help went well?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah, Smokey Joe here got half way to the highway and collapsed.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I have the lung capacity of a two year old.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Then why are you smoking?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well it's very unsettling.	Neutral

Ross Geller	....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.	Scared
Carol Willick	Ah, Susan will be so pleased.	Joyful
Ross Geller	717? Where's 717? Hey, you've have more of these for Susan right?	Neutral
Carol Willick	No. But it's okay, I'll just put out pickles or something.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ross, thank God.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I ate a bug.	Scared
Monica Geller	Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh, now you want a favour?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, please.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.	Powerful
Ross Geller	No, I'm not gonna pick them up.	Powerful
Carol Willick	Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.	Powerful
Ross Geller	No, Rachel doesn't want me to....	Sad
Carol Willick	Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, you're right.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!	Mad
Ross Geller	We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.	Neutral
Carol Willick	You slept with another woman?	Mad
Ross Geller	Oh, you-you're-you're one to talk.	Mad

Carol Willick	Ugh. Ross!	Mad
Ross Geller	Hi! Sorry I'm late. Were you sleeping?	Scared
Carol Willick	Ahh, nooo!!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.	Joyful
Carol Willick	You're a genius, Ross.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Okay, I'll pay you tomorrow.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay.	Neutral
Carol Willick	Okay, bye!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?	Scared
Carol Willick	Yeah, okay, bye.	Mad
Ross Geller	So I'm gonna take off then!	Scared

Monica Geller	What's so funny?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, nothing, no. It's an acting exercise, I'm practising my fake laugh.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What-what's so funny?	Joyful
Gunther	Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there's none of that in here.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.	Peaceful
Gunther	Okay, but only if you give me a drag.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Neutral
Gunther	Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.	Mad
Ross Geller	Pffhah.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What's your problem?	Mad
Ross Geller	Nothing, it's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.	Mad
Rachel Green	Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Or what my Father called Thursday night.	Neutral

Monica Geller	And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Pete, can I get you something else?	Neutral
Peter Becker	Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you're given' 'em out.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Haven't you and I covered that topic?	Scared
Peter Becker	Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.	Mad
Peter Becker	Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I mean really, think about it.	Joyful
Peter Becker	Ho-ho, I will.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!	Mad
Ross Geller	Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, have-have you told him how you feel?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yes. Not out loud.	Scared
Ross Geller	Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No-no-no-no-no.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.	Joyful
Alice Knight	Oh my God, who died on this?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I know. It's a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?	Scared
Alice Knight	Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.	Mad
Alice Knight	Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.	Mad

Peter Becker	Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.	Peaceful
#ALL#	Got it. Yeah all right. Yeah, okay.	Neutral
Secretary	You have a Miss Monica Geller here.	Neutral
Peter Becker	Uh, absolutely, yeah, sEnd her in. Hi.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What the hell is this?	Mad
Peter Becker	Hang on a second. I'll-I'll talk to you in the morning. I'm sorry what?	Scared
Monica Geller	Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?	Mad
Peter Becker	Well, y'know, I never know how much to tip.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?	Mad
Employee	Umm, I'm still here.	Neutral
Peter Becker	You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What?!	Mad
Peter Becker	Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay, umm, you're a loon.	Mad
Peter Becker	Look, forget the check, okay. I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?	Joyful
Monica Geller	I don't know.	Neutral
Peter Becker	Why not?	Neutral
Monica Geller	'Cause I don't want to encourage this kind of behaviour.	Neutral
Peter Becker	One meal! That's all I'm asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don't have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.	Powerful

Frank Buffay Jr.	Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	What umm, what happened?	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, sweetie, oh.	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?	Sad
Frank Buffay Jr.	What?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay.	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, but.	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...	Mad

Rachel Green	Oh my God! The millionaire's here!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh my God!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Guys, please, I'm just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.	Powerful
Monica Geller	I know!!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, then get the lobster!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Peter Becker	Hi.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hi!!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	And that's why, I'm not inviting you in for a drink. Bye.	Mad
#ALL#	Oh-no-no-no-no....	Sad
Rachel Green	Just one drink?!	Sad
Monica Geller	So, where do you want to go?	Joyful
Peter Becker	Hey, you like pizza?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, that's sounds great.	Joyful
Peter Becker	I know a great little place.	Joyful

Peter Becker	You're, hey, you're not paying for the pizza!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?	Peaceful
Peter Becker	Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Why, how much is that?	Joyful
Peter Becker	That's about 60 cents.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.	Sad
Alice Knight	Hi Frank.	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	Hi, Mrs. Knight.	Neutral
Alice Knight	Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but not just that.	Scared
Alice Knight	Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	None the less.	Scared
Alice Knight	None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .	Scared

Gunther	Here you go.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Thank you.	Joyful
Gunther	Say Rachel, I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me sometime. As my lover! Nnnsch, to out there. Maybe you'd just like to ah, get something to eat with me sometime? As my lover.	Peaceful
Mark Robinson	Hi!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hi! All right, let's go shoppin'!!	Joyful
Mark Robinson	Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, okay.	Peaceful
Mark Robinson	I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Wow! Umm....	Joyful
Gunther	I dropped a cup.	Sad

Peter Becker	...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, this is so great.	Joyful
Peter Becker	Yeah, it was.	Joyful
Monica Geller	All right then. Bye.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hello, people who do not live here.	Mad
#ALL#	Hi! Hello!	Joyful
Monica Geller	I gave you a key for emergencies!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	We were out of Doritos.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey, how'd the date go with Mr. Millionaire?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.	Joyful
Monica Geller	He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Still?!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Two.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie!	Joyful
Ross Geller	I guess he musta gotten the part in that play.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.	Joyful

The Director	Joe. How's it going?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Good. Hey.	Neutral
Kate Miller	Hi.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, so you're playing Adrienne, huh?	Scared
Kate Miller	Yes. Are you one of the retarded cousins?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, no. Ah, I playing your husband, Victor. I'm Joey Tribianni.	Neutral
Kate Miller	Hi, nice to meet you. Kate Miller.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	So the ah, play's pretty great, huh?	Scared
Kate Miller	Oh, yeah. I love Jennifer Van Murray's work. She's so brilliantly incisive when it comes to deconstructing the psyche of the American middle class.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, forget about it. She rocks!	Joyful
Kate Miller	Where do I know you from?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.	Neutral
Kate Miller	No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.	Mad
Kate Miller	That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	See, I actually can pour milk, but I got you believing that I couldn't. Now, see, that's acting.	Neutral
Kate Miller	Right, at the end, you choked on a cookie.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, that was real.	Peaceful

Phoebe Buffay	Wow! I cannot believe Mark asked you out.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I know.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	What, so what are you gonna tell him?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Huh.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.	Powerful
Rachel Green	I don't have any issues with my Father.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.	Mad
Ross Geller	Hello.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Joyful
Ross Geller	So Rachel called. Wants to see me. Going over in a minute.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, what-what do you think she wants?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Then be supportive like a guy.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	If I broke up with you, I'd miss you.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	So, you're like a zillionaire?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	And you're our age. You're our age.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Y'know what, you should like, you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself.	Joyful
Peter Becker	What like Pete Dakota?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, or, or, or, Mississ-Pete.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, oh, I got it! Pete-Chicago.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	That's not a state Joe.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, and Mississ-Pete is?	Mad
Peter Becker	I got to go, so ah, I'll see you guys later.	Neutral
#ALL#	Okay.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You're our age!	Mad
Peter Becker	So ah, we on for tomorrow?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, kinda.	Neutral

Kate Miller	Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. Nothing.	Neutral
The Director	Tasty! I'm really starting to feel like you guys have a history, it's-it's nice.	Powerful
Kate Miller	I have a question about this scene.	Neutral
The Director	Yes?	Neutral
Kate Miller	Well, I don't understand why Adrienne's attracted to Victor.	Scared
The Director	Peel the onion. First of all, he's good looking.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Kate Miller	I think my character's gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.	Mad
Kate Miller	It doesn't say that in the script.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	It does in mine!	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!	Mad
Ross Geller	I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!	Mad
Chandler Bing	You didn't just break up.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hey, it's been like three weeks!	Mad
Chandler Bing	You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!	Mad
Ross Geller	Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Neutral
Ross Geller	She's going in. Wait! He's going in! He's going in!! The door's closed! I, I can't see anything but the door closed!!	Scared
Chandler Bing	And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Okay, I have to do something. I mean, I have, I have to stop it!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Stop what?!	Mad
Ross Geller	I don't know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I'll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!	Scared
Chandler Bing	No!! You can't!!	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, they must be stopped!	Mad
Chandler Bing	I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong!	Mad
Ross Geller	I need juice! People need juice!!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Look man!	Mad
Ross Geller	People need juice!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Listen to me!!	Mad
Ross Geller	Juice, I need...	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.	Mad
Ross Geller	Yeah, okay.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Powerful
Ross Geller	It's just I miss her so much.	Sad
Chandler Bing	I know.	Peaceful

Mark Robinson	Why do all you're coffee mugs have numbers on the bottom?	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh. That's so Monica can keep track. That way if one on them is missing, she can be like, 'Where's number 27?!'	Neutral
Rachel Green	Y'know what?	Neutral
Mark Robinson	No. And I don't think I'm gonna want to.	Scared
Rachel Green	I can't do this.	Peaceful
Mark Robinson	Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.	Sad
Mark Robinson	Ahh! Fair, schmair! Y'know? Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you. Really? No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch. Right here!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh God. I'm sorry about this.	Sad
Mark Robinson	That's okay.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	You sure?	Neutral
Mark Robinson	Yeah. I can just go home and get back at him by myself.	Neutral

Spokeswoman	...has become the penicillin of the twenty-first century. And so today, this hospital is about to take major steps toward leading that revolution. It is truly ironic, on one hand consider the size...	Neutral
Peter Becker	Hey, can I ask you something?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Sure.	Neutral
Peter Becker	Where are we?	Scared
Monica Geller	Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I'm gonna say, midget rodeo.	Peaceful
Peter Becker	Just tell me the truth.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.	Scared
Peter Becker	Oh, yeah. Wasn't that like a year ago?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?	Scared
Peter Becker	Oh, yeah. I know that.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I so wanna be attracted to you.	Scared
Peter Becker	But you're not. Okay, good.	Sad
Monica Geller	I'm sorry.	Neutral
Peter Becker	Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.	Sad
Monica Geller	It's not?	Scared
Peter Becker	I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.	Peaceful
Peter Becker	Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.	Neutral
Spokeswoman	And the man who made all this possible... Mr. Peter Becker.	Neutral
Peter Becker	One second.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I wasn't doing anything. Uh-oh, what did she do now?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she's like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, 'Oh, I'm so talented.' and 'Oh, I'm so pretty,' and 'Ooh, I smell so good.'	Sad
Chandler Bing	I think somebody has a crush on somebody.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Chandler, can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Y'know?	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm talking about you. You big, big freak.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh. Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!	Mad

Kate Miller	Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.	Mad
The Director	You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.	Powerful
Kate Miller	Well, that was ah...	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Better?	Joyful
Kate Miller	Yeah! Yeah, it was definitely an improvement. G'night.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Ah, Kate?	Neutral
Kate Miller	Yeah?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You ah, you forgot your shoes.	Neutral
Kate Miller	I'm probably gonna need those. Huh?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, listen you ah....	Neutral
Kate Miller	Hmm?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	...feel like getting a cup of coffee?	Joyful
Kate Miller	Umm.	Neutral
The Director	Kate?	Neutral
Kate Miller	Yep.	Neutral
The Director	You ready to go?	Neutral
Kate Miller	Yeah.	Neutral
The Director	Very nice. Very nice.	Joyful
Kate Miller	So umm, I'll see you tomorrow, huh?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, yeah sure, goodnight.	Sad

Phoebe Buffay	Hey! Why isn't it Spiderman? Y'know like Goldman, Silverman...	Joyful
Chandler Bing	'Cause it's-it's not his last name.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	It isn't?	Sad
Chandler Bing	No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay. There should be Gold Man!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, Rach, how was work?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, great. Although I did sit down where there wasn't a chair.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming. I'm just gonna throw it out, it's probably just a bunch of shampoo and...	Sad
Monica Geller	Something wrong?	Scared
Rachel Green	No. Nothing.	Sad

Chandler Bing	So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay well, he would turn things to gold.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What about things that are already gold?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ahh, his work is done.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay, let's play my game now.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. All right you yellow-bellied-lilly-livered-DRAW!!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Here you go. You can wear this.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Thanks!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Uh-huh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. Just one sec. One sec! One second!! Wait! One second! Just...	Scared
Monica Geller	Phoebe?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	What?! Monica, I'm scared!!	Scared
Monica Geller	All right. Honey, that's-that's a sleeve. Okay?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	And! We also have speaker phone.	Peaceful
Hold Voice	Please, stay on the line. Your call is important to us.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay, wait, you gotta hang up 'cause we're gonna be late.	Neutral
Hold Voice	Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yes!! Yes!! I'm the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Of course not.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	No.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, is the play over?	Scared
Monica Geller	Yeah. Where were you?	Mad
Hold Voice	Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Nah. I kept myself busy.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hey! Are you okay?	Peaceful
Kate Miller	Fabulous.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?	Peaceful
Kate Miller	Become a drama critic!	Neutral
The Director	I am hurt! A plague on both your houses!	Sad
Kate Miller	By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, classy.	Powerful
Kate Miller	Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.	Joyful
Kate Miller	Really. What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.	Powerful
Kate Miller	Why the Post?	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, you didn't see the Post?	Sad
Kate Miller	No. You?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	No. Why?	Powerful

Kate Miller	So you really think those newspapers are just jealous of me?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, absolutely! You're talented and you're good looking.	Joyful
Kate Miller	Oh, you're sweet and cute.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I know! That's why they trashed me!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.	Joyful
Kate Miller	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I, I don't get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.	Powerful
Kate Miller	What? So you never went out with an actress before?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Kate, do you even like me?	Joyful
Kate Miller	Of course I do.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?	Joyful
Kate Miller	I don't know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy... Why can't I just pick someone like you?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks.	Joyful
Kate Miller	You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so...	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.	Joyful

Hold Voice	Please stay on the line. You're call is very important to us.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Pheebs, you've been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn't healthy.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, I'm fine, and y'know why? 'Cause of all the riboflavin.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey! Didn't you have that outfit on last night?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Anyway, how did it go with Kate?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Joey, you had the night!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Monica Geller	When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	You-you think?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Did you like learn about her family?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Two brothers, one died!	Sad
Monica Geller	Yes!!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah?!	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh!	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Sorry! Sorry, I'm late; sorry, I'm late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.	Scared
Stage Manager	Look, we held the curtain for you buddy. Come on, let's go! Let's go!	Powerful
Lauren	Vic! Where have you been, baby?!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Where's Kate?	Joyful
Lauren	She got a job in L.A.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What?!	Neutral
Lauren	I've been waiting up all night for ya. Where have you been? Where have you been? Vic?!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.	Powerful
Lauren	What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	When is she leaving?	Peaceful
Lauren	Tonight. What are you doing?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	I'm coming up!	Powerful

Tommy	Hey, mind if I use the phone?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I...	Scared
Chandler Bing	Why don't you use ours across the hall, 'cause she...has...problems.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.	Peaceful
Tommy	Yeah, but you didn't.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No, but it's-it's-it's hot!	Scared
Rachel Green	Ross, would you just stop it! It's getting really old.	Mad
Ross Geller	I can't believe no one believes me!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I do, I believe you.	Powerful
Ross Geller	You do Pheebs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.	Joyful
Tommy	Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Step away from the duck.	Mad
Tommy	Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!	Mad

Kate Miller	Joey!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Kate Miller	I'm soo glad I caught you, I couldn't find you before.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Wh-wh-what's going on? Wh-what's this about L.A.?	Powerful
Kate Miller	They still want me for General Hospital.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	But, but wh-what about us?	Powerful
Kate Miller	Last night was wonderful. But I-I can't stay here just for you.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, so, stay for the museums!	Joyful
Kate Miller	I'm sorry.	Sad
Stage Manager	Joey, onstage!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I'll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.	Sad
Lauren	Where are you Vic?	Powerful
Kate Miller	Flight's in an hour. I-I gotta go.	Sad
Lauren	Vic! Vic! Vic!!!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	In a minute!!	Neutral
Lauren	So this is it? Victor?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, I guess it is. Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.	Sad
Lauren	So long, Vic!	Sad

Monica Geller	Phoebe, it's been two days.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it's one of those 801 numbers. Right?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Phoe-be!!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Sorry, I'm so sorry, I will pay you back.	Sad
Chandler Bing	And yet, she's still not hanging up the phone.	Scared
#ALL#	Hang it up! Hang up the phone!!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Fine! Fine! Oh-oh!	Mad
Monica Geller	What?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Or... Dick.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Was it like a sneeze only better?	Joyful
Ross Geller	No, no, I mean, I mean a thing on my body.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	What was it?	Scared
Ross Geller	Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Whoa!!!	Scared
Chandler Bing	No!!	Scared
Ross Geller	Come on you guys, it's no big deal!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Whoa-heeeiiiiii-iiiii-ah!! Huh.	Scared
Ross Geller	Well what is it? Is it a mole?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	No, it's too wrinkly to be a mole.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?	Scared
Chandler Bing	No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hey guys! What's...	Scared
Chandler Bing	Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ahhh.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, right.	Neutral

Jason	...and I know I'll never miss doing it, but I gotta tell you, it's pretty cool knowing that you're making a difference in a kid's life.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	That is so great! Oh, I... Oh my God!	Powerful
Jason	Whoa!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God!!!	Powerful
Jason	Ahh-ahh, we'd better call the fire department!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No! No!	Scared
Jason	No, no?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!	Scared
Jason	W-w-w-wait! Why?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well look, if I wanted to see a fireman, I would date one. Okay?	Scared

Ross Geller	Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!	Scared
Dr. Rhodes	Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. What are you doing?	Scared
Ross Geller	Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.	Scared
Dr. Rhodes	Well that's not a third nipple.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No?	Neutral
Dr. Rhodes	First of all, it's on your ass.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Well then, what is it?!	Scared
Dr. Rhodes	Wait a minute, hold it. Johnson! Will you come in here a moment?	Neutral
Dr. Johnson	I'm with Hamilton!	Neutral
Dr. Rhodes	He's good with rear things, bring him in too.	Neutral

Monica Geller	I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.	Scared
Rachel Green	Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Uh.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa-whoa-whoa. What ah, what happened to playing the field?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, it just, it doesn't feel like playing anymore, it feels like work. It's like I'm working in the field.	Sad
Rachel Green	So Pheebs, pick one of them.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah. Which one do you like more?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, Vince is great, y'know `cause, he's like a guy, guy. Y'know? He's so burly, he's sooo very burly.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, good, so there you go. Go with Vince.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but Jason's really sensitive.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well sensitive is important, pick him.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh sure, go with the sissy.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Jason is not a sissy!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh no-no-no-no, I meant Chandler.	Scared

Rachel Green	Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.	Scared
Ross Geller	Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!	Peaceful
#ALL#	Good luck!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	OH MY GOD!!! Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Excuse me. Umm, is Vince here?	Neutral
Fireman	Oh sure. Vince?!	Neutral
Vince	Yo!!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! I didn't know you guys actually used those.	Joyful
Vince	So, what's up?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Umm, wow. This-this isn't gonna be easy. Umm, I don't think we should see each other anymore.	Scared
Vince	Uh-huh. G-good deal.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry.	Sad
Vince	No-no it's okay. It's just that ah, I thought we had something pretty special here. And y'know I-I felt like you were someone I could finally open up to, and... That there's so much in me I have to share with you yet.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God, I didn't...	Sad
Vince	I'm sorry, I can't talk. I'm gonna go write in my journal.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Wait-wait-wait! Wait!!	Sad

Phoebe Buffay	I'm telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don't want to make it savory.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Gimme this.	Scared
Rachel Green	Hi! Okay, don't be mad at me, but I couldn't resist.	Scared
Monica Geller	Brides magazines?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.	Joyful
Monica Geller	It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh my God.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I know. I need more pie.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?	Joyful
Rachel Green	You didn't break up with that fireman?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Wow!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, well he'd prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	So then, are you going to dump Jason?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and... Okay so Jason is sensitive, but now so's Vince Plus, Vince has the body y'know? So... It's really just about the math.	Joyful

Guru Saj	You must be Ross.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Guru Saj	I am Guru Saj.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...	Scared
Guru Saj	Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!	Joyful
Ross Geller	What's a koondis?	Scared
Guru Saj	I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I guess it's worth a try.	Scared
Guru Saj	Oh sure, we should see results-Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!!	Scared
Ross Geller	What?! What?!	Scared
Guru Saj	We appear to have angered it.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	We?! We angered it?!	Mad
Guru Saj	Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh God!	Scared
Guru Saj	Ross, there is absolutely no way this is going to come off unless you start to...	Powerful
Ross Geller	Ow!!	Mad
Guru Saj	Oops.	Sad
Ross Geller	What was, what was that?	Scared
Guru Saj	Well it's gone.	Neutral
Ross Geller	What?! How's that?	Mad
Guru Saj	It got caught on my watch.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey!	Joyful

Peter Becker	Lights. Uh, romantic lights.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ooh, nice.	Joyful
Peter Becker	So ah, there was this thing I wanted to talk to you about.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh, right! I completely forgot about that.	Peaceful
Peter Becker	Well ah, I've been doing a lot of thinking, and I look at my life...	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yeah?	Neutral
Peter Becker	And I feel like I've conquered the business world, and I feel like I've conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow.	Joyful
Peter Becker	There's one thing missing.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What's that?	Peaceful
Peter Becker	It's time for me to conquer the physical world.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Okay.	Scared
Peter Becker	Monica, I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion.	Powerful
Monica Geller	You wanna what?!	Scared
Peter Becker	I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!	Powerful
Monica Geller	What are you talking about?	Scared
Peter Becker	Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.	Powerful
Monica Geller	And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.	Peaceful
Peter Becker	Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?	Powerful
Monica Geller	My parents will be so happy.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.	Scared
Jason	Hey. I was...	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Joyful
Jason	I was passin' by and I saw that you were playing tonight, it's kinda cool seeing you up there.	Joyful
Vince	Whoa! Hey-hey! What's going on here? Who is this guy?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I don't know, he just started kissing me. Get him! Get him, Vince!	Mad
Vince	What?!	Mad
Jason	What?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.	Scared
Vince	Phoebe, Phoebe relax, it's okay. I mean we never said this was exclusive.	Peaceful
Jason	Yeah, and neither did we. Give yourself a break.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Really?!	Joyful
Jason	Yeah. I mean y'know, we haven't been going out that long. Come on, we haven't even slept together yet. Huh.	Peaceful
Vince	You haven't?	Peaceful
Jason	You have?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, this is none of my business.	Peaceful
Jason	I-I can't believe this! You-you've slept with him?!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I made you a candle light dinner in the park.	Peaceful
Jason	Y'know Phoebe, I'm gonna make this real easy for you.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, that could've been really awkward.	Peaceful
Vince	You made him a candle light dinner in the park?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I'm gonna do that for you.	Scared
Vince	Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.	Mad

Rachel Green	So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No-no-no oh, keep your name, don't take his name.	Scared
Monica Geller	He didn't ask me to marry him.	Sad
#ALL#	Ohh.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Well then definately don't take his name.	Mad
Monica Geller	He wanted to tell me he's gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.	Sad
The Guys	Pete?!	Mad
Rachel Green	Why?! What is it?	Mad
Monica Geller	I don't know exactly. It's-it's sorta like wrestling.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh?!	Sad
Monica Geller	Yeah, but without the costumes.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	And it's not fake, it's totally brutal.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."	Scared
Monica Geller	So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What's fish hooking?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.	Joyful

Doug	So thanks for the warm welcome. It's good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let's go out there and get 'em! Huh? And remember, there is no 'I' in team.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yes, but there's two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.	Neutral
Doug	You! Chuckles! What's your name?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh it's Bing, sir. I'm sorry , I was just ah...	Neutral
Doug	No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. This team is about hard work, but it's also about having fun. Good to have you aboard Bing!	Joyful

Hoshi	You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?	Powerful
Peter Becker	I told you, we're adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?	Joyful
Hoshi	It's just hard when I know I have e-mail I can't get!	Mad
Monica Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Peter Becker	Monica! Hi honey.	Joyful
Hoshi	All right, on the table.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.	Mad
Peter Becker	Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.	Scared
Monica Geller	Promise me you'll be careful.	Scared
Peter Becker	I promise.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Hey, are we still on for tonight?	Neutral
Peter Becker	Yeah.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Okay, good, 'cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...	Joyful
Hoshi	No! No boom-boom before big fight!	Mad
Monica Geller	How 'bout just a boom?	Joyful

Rachel Green	Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready to go to the movies?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie.	Joyful
Bonnie	Hi!	Neutral
Rachel Green	This is Bonnie? This is Bonnie? You're Bonnie?	Joyful
Bonnie	I can show you an ID if you want?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh no, I'm sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you.	Joyful
Bonnie	Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, that must be it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well I hope you have fun tonight.	Joyful
Bonnie	Thanks! You too.	Joyful
Rachel Green	You said she was bald.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, she was bald, she's not now.	Mad
Rachel Green	How could you not tell me that she has hair?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I don't know, I hardly ever say that about people.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh, well, this is just perfect!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Well I'm sorry, I thought you said it was okay.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, maybe it won't work out. Maybe Ross won't like her personality.	Sad
Rachel Green	Why, does she have a bad personality?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no, Bonnie's the best!	Joyful

Doug	Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What is with him?	Peaceful
Phil	With him? You're is favourite, you're his guy!	Peaceful
Stevens	We never get smacked.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, that's not true, he-he smacked you once.	Peaceful
Phil	Not on purpose, he ricocheted of you and got me.	Peaceful
Stevens	I'm telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.	Scared
Doug	Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	No sir.	Neutral
Doug	There you go.	Powerful

Ross Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	God Ross, what is that?	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!	Joyful
Announcer	From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!	Joyful
Monica Geller	I love you, Pete!!!	Joyful
Announcer	And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!	Scared
Peter Becker	Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.	Joyful
Ross Geller	All right! You go get him! Let's go!	Joyful
Referee	Here we go gentlemen, here we go! Are you ready? Are you ready? Let's get it on!!	Joyful
Peter Becker	Uh-oh.	Scared

Monica Geller	Hey! It's me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you.	Joyful
Peter Becker	It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people chant "You suck!"	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.	Mad
Peter Becker	What, look back?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, you're not gonna get going are you?	Powerful
Peter Becker	Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, no. But...	Neutral
Peter Becker	Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.	Powerful
Monica Geller	That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!	Scared
Peter Becker	Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.	Powerful
Monica Geller	You didn't know that already?	Neutral
Peter Becker	Look, I'm gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Okay, just get a lot better. Fast.	Powerful
Peter Becker	Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.	Sad
Monica Geller	Yeah. That-that was the problem.	Mad

Monica Geller	Hey.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey! How long until Pete's fight?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hot dog?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Four, please. I'm really nervous. Thank you.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?	Neutral
Ross Geller	What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn't expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn't expecting to like anyone right now, but she's really terrific.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Ohh, that's too bad!	Sad
Ross Geller	No, I-I'm saying I liked her.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Pheebs, I think she's great. Okay? We're going out again.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey! Which one's my turkey burger?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, the fight's starting!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Fight's over!	Mad

Chandler Bing	Excuse me, Doug? Hey there sports fan!!	Joyful
Doug	Bing! You got those numbers for me?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No, I ah, I didn't do them.	Neutral
Doug	Oh, you forgot?	Sad
Chandler Bing	No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.	Joyful
Doug	Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Doug!!	Mad
Doug	Hmm.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.	Mad
Doug	Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!	Mad
Chandler Bing	No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.	Scared
Doug	Oh?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.	Neutral
Doug	Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You're okay.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Neutral
Doug	Ha! Ahhhhhhh!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ahhhhh!	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh my God! Phoebe look, it's Ross and that girl.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	No! No! Look at that! It's a line of ants! They're working as a team!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Phoebe!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	You said it was okay!	Mad
Rachel Green	You said she was bald!!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!	Mad
Rachel Green	Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yes.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well isn't he your friend? Don't you want him to be happy?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yes.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	So?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I just y'know, I didn't expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, we killed them all.	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh!	Scared

Peter Becker	It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Please tell me you're stopping now.	Scared
Peter Becker	I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!	Scared
Peter Becker	I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!	Mad
Peter Becker	Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.	Scared
Monica Geller	Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.	Mad
Peter Becker	Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Then I've gotta go. Bye.	Sad
Peter Becker	Mon-Monica?	Scared
Monica Geller	Yes?	Peaceful
Peter Becker	Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.	Peaceful

Doug	So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Thank you, sir.	Neutral
Stevens	Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident.	Neutral
Doug	Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya bastard! Well, what about you? You're not feeling left out or anything are ya?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.	Mad
Doug	Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don't you?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!	Neutral
Doug	Now get on out of here, you!	Joyful

Tv Announcer	Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he's just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, I can't watch this.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Check it out, he's winning! Pete's winning!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Really?!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No-o-o!!	Scared
Tv Announcer	Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the canvas and is going for his favourite area.	Sad
#ALL#	Oh! Oh!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Wait, if that's his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn't want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can't.	Neutral
#ALL#	Ohh!!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!	Joyful
Bonnie	All right, I was 15, it was my best friend, Ruth, and we got drunk on that hard cider, and then suddenly, I don't know, we were, we were making out.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Tell it again. Seriously.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I mean is that woman capable of talking about anything else but sex?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, sure. Well y'know, earlier she was talking about geography.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Joey, she was listing the countries she's done it in.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I think we all learned something.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, you guys! Look what I found! Look at this! That's my Mom's writing! Look.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Y'know what that means?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	That you're actually 50?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No-no, that's not, that's not me Phoebe, that's her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F. Best Friends Forever.	Joyful
#ALL#	Oh!	Joyful
Rachel Green	That is so cool.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?	Joyful
#ALL#	Yeah! Yeah, we can!	Joyful
Bonnie	Shoot! I can't go, I have to work!	Sad
Ross Geller	That's too bad.	Sad
Rachel Green	Ohh, big, fat bummerrr.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	So great! Okay! Tomorrow we're gonna drive out to Montauk.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Bonnie had sex there!	Joyful

Ross Geller	Go, go, go!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh yeah, now everybody wants to be under this hat!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oy!!	Mad
Monica Geller	What's with all this sand?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.	Neutral

Phoebe Abbott	Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Knock, knock, knock.	Joyful
Phoebe Abbott	Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	Ahh, yes.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Hi Phoebe Abott, I'm your best friends daughter!	Joyful
Phoebe Abbott	You're Erwin's daughter?!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here. Lily, from high school. Remember?	Joyful
Phoebe Abbott	Oh gosh, Lily, yes. Of course I remember Lily. I... Then you must be?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Phoebe. Phoebe. Phoebe, yeah. She named me after you I guess.	Joyful
Phoebe Abbott	Uh-huh. Wow! Well, look! There's Frank.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That's my Dad, that's Frank! Yeah! I'm sorry I'm getting all flingy.	Joyful
Phoebe Abbott	Take it easy--if you want, there's cookies on the counter, or, or--sangria! I can make sangria!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.	Neutral
Phoebe Abbott	Oh.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?	Neutral
Phoebe Abbott	Oh no, I-I'm sorry, I guess we lost track of everybody after high school.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay. Well, so tell me everything about my parents. Everything.	Sad
Phoebe Abbott	Ohh, well. Y'know we were always together, in fact the had a nickname for the three of us.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, what? What was it?	Neutral
Phoebe Abbott	The three losers. Oh, poor Lily. Ohh, y'know I-I heard about what happened, that must have been just terrible for you, losing your mother that way.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, no, it was great.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	So, you still don't think I'm boyfriend material?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Huh?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I saw you checking me out during the game last night.	Neutral
Monica Geller	You didn't even take off your pants.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, well, lucky for you.	Mad
Monica Geller	What?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I don't know.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well! Is everybody else having just the best time?!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Shhh! Shhhh! Joey's asleep.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Good morning.	Joyful
#ALL#	Hey.	Neutral
Bonnie	Hey! How did everybody sleep?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, great.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Like a log.	Joyful
Bonnie	Us too.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I'm going for a walk.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Good morning. Nice breasts by the way.	Joyful

Bonnie	Hey, what happened to you?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, ah nothin'. I just felt like hangin' out here and reading.	Peaceful
Bonnie	Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.	Sad
Bonnie	Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohh-ha-ha!	Joyful
Bonnie	I think I brought back half of the beach in my hair. It was so much easier when I used to shave my head.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Y'know, I gotta tell ya, I just loved your look when you were bald.	Powerful
Bonnie	Really?!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohh!	Joyful
Bonnie	Because I think about shaving it all off again sometime.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Really?!	Joyful
Bonnie	Yeah!	Joyful
Rachel Green	I mean you definitely should do that.	Powerful
Bonnie	Y'know what, I should do it.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah!	Joyful
Bonnie	Yeah, thank you Rachel, you are soo cool.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Awww, stop. Come on. Now go shave that head!	Neutral
Bonnie	All right.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	What's the matter, Pheebs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	She cancelled! My namesake cancelled on me!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She's avoiding me, she doesn't want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won't tell me.	Scared
Rachel Green	Aww Pheebs, that sucks!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, well, don't "Aww Pheebs, that sucks!" me yet.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Where ya going?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, she's out of town so, there's gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.	Scared
Ross Geller	Uh, Pheebs, some people call that breaking and entering.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, are any of those people here?!	Scared
#ALL#	Oh, no!! No, no!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I'll-I'll fill her ice trays.	Peaceful
Bonnie	Hey, everybody!	Peaceful
#ALL#	Wow!!	Scared
Ross Geller	Wh-haa-haa! Look what 'cha did!	Joyful
Bonnie	You wanna touch it?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Nooo, but it, but it's great.	Peaceful
Bonnie	Come on, touch it!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Okay. You can feel all the bones in your skull.	Peaceful

Phoebe Buffay	Ow! My ass. Okay. Okay. Oh, shhh!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	No! No!! It's me! It's me! I-I didn't want to make any noise!	Powerful
Phoebe Abbott	Then don't break in!!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry.	Sad
Phoebe Abbott	What are you doing here?!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.	Peaceful
Phoebe Abbott	What?!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!	Mad
Phoebe Abbott	All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	My Father is Chuck Magioni?	Peaceful
Phoebe Abbott	No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Sad
Phoebe Abbott	But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Heh?	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	I'm telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!	Joyful
Ross Geller	That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......	Powerful
Ross Geller	I know, but ahhhhhh!! I really wanna go up there and finish that kiss!	Joyful
Bonnie	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ahhhh!	Neutral
Bonnie	You guys, the water's great. You should really go in.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&M.	Peaceful
Bonnie	Okay, well g'night.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Good night.	Neutral
Bonnie	Don't be too long.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Okey-dokey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	There is not one hair on that head.	Sad
Ross Geller	Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Right, and you go with Rachel, Bonnie's free tonight?	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh no-no-no, I'm, I'm paddling away!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Huh?!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Uh-huh. This and a bunch of bubble wrap. And, some of it is not even popped!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Could we be more white trash?	Neutral

Monica Geller	How desperate am I?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh! Good thing Chandler's not here, he always wins at this game.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I just told my Mom I'd cater a party for her.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	How come?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Because I need the money, and I thought that it'd be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.	Joyful
Monica Geller	You don't have to stick up for her. She can't here you.	Peaceful

Rachel Green	Hey! Umm, do you guys have any juice?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Just pickle.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.	Scared
Rachel Green	My boss, Joanna? Wow, that must've been awkward.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	You ah, you didn't say 'Yes' to that did you?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No. No!	Joyful
Joanna	Hello, Rachel.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, not at first.	Scared
Rachel Green	What is she doing here?	Mad
Rachel Green	I don't understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a 'big, dull dud.'	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.	Scared
Rachel Green	Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.	Scared
Rachel Green	Chandler!! Promise me, you will end it.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, I promise, I'll end it.	Scared
Rachel Green	Thank you.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	I hope you know what I'm giving up for ya, because she's not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah-eh-eah! Oh-oh, sorry, I-I knew what he meant.	Sad

Judy Geller	How's the hired help?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Doing great, the quiches are coming along.	Joyful
Judy Geller	What's this? Blue nail polish?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, I thought it was cute.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Ahh, that's what your Grandmother's hands looked like when we found her.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Let me ask you a question.	Scared
Judy Geller	Hmm.	Mad
Monica Geller	Why did you hire me?	Joyful
Judy Geller	Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.	Mad
Monica Geller	Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I didn't hear that.	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh yeah, she didn't hire me out of pity, it wasn't so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I'm good.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! And hey, it's cool if you're a lesbian!	Joyful

The Salesman	Good afternoon, are you the decision maker of the house?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Uhhhh.	Neutral
The Salesman	Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.	Peaceful
The Salesman	Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?	Sad
Ross Geller	...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, I totally agree.	Joyful
Monica Geller	...I think he deserves a Nobel Prize.	Joyful
#ALL#	Nooo!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	...it was like the Algonquin kids table.	Joyful
The Salesman	Excuse me, I'm sorry, you haven't said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.	Joyful

The Salesman	So, here's somebody interesting, Joey. What do you know about Van Gogh?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	He cut off his ear.	Neutral
The Salesman	And?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm out.	Neutral
The Salesman	He painted that.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Wow! That's pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear 'cause he sucked. What else you got in there?	Joyful
The Salesman	Let's see, ahhh... Where does the Pope live?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	In the woods. No wait-wait, that's the joke answer.	Neutral
The Salesman	Actually its, Vatican City. Now ahh, what do you know about vulcanised rubber?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Spock's birth control.	Joyful
The Salesman	You need these books.	Sad

Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hi.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	This used to be your room? Wow! You must've been in really good shape as a kid.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ohh, I'm such an idiot. I can't believe I actually thought she could change.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh good, I'm glad that's catching on.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.	Joyful
Monica Geller	All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! My breasts are really strong.	Powerful

Rachel Green	Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	What if I clean your bathroom for a month?	Scared
Chandler Bing	It still wouldn't be clean. All I want is my freedom.	Mad
Rachel Green	Foot rubs for a month!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Freedom!	Joyful
Rachel Green	I'll take all of your photos and put them into photo albums!	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won't you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me!!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Sophie sit!!	Powerful
Rachel Green	No! God, would you just calm down!	Scared
Chandler Bing	I'm gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just...	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Wow! There's a lot I didn't know about vomit. In a minute.	Scared
The Salesman	So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.	Neutral
The Salesman	Well ah, what can you swing?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?	Scared
The Salesman	You don't have, anything?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	You wanna see what I got? Okay? I've got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!	Sad
The Salesman	Okay, I-I get the picture. Uh, thanks, for your time.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	And a 50. Huh, these must be Chandler's pants.	Sad
The Salesman	For 50 bucks, you can get one book! What will it be? A? B? C?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, I-I think I'm gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.	Peaceful

Rachel Green	I ah, will buy and wrap all of your Christmas gifts.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No!	Neutral
Rachel Green	I ah... Oh! I'll squeeze you fresh orange juice every morning!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	With extra pulp?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No!	Neutral
Rachel Green	D'oh!! I've got it!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You don't have it.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I have so got it. There's gonna be rumours about this, there's no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	How do Monica and Phoebe know?	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous or very stingy.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Go on.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I can make you a legend. I can make you this generation's Milton Berle.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	And Milton Berle has a...	Powerful
Rachel Green	Ohh, not compared to you.	Powerful

Monica Geller	Well?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	They're not even touching the lasagna!	Mad
Monica Geller	Really?!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, they love your casserole.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yes!!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	It's hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Well, everyone seems to be enjoying your dish.	Joyful
Monica Geller	And you?	Scared
Judy Geller	I thought it was... quite tasty.	Powerful
Monica Geller	So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you...	Joyful
Judy Geller	A bitch?	Scared
Monica Geller	Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word.	Scared
Judy Geller	Yes, well I was wrong, and I have to say you really impressed me today.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. She doesn't know we switched it.	Neutral
Judy Geller	And the next time you cater for me, there will be nothing but ice in the freezer.	Neutral
Monica Geller	That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don't bite your nails.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Hello.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hello, Chandler.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I love you.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Wh-what's going on?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No he doesn't!	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Two hours, that lasted!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	So did you break up with Joanna?	Sad
Chandler Bing	I think so.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Well, it's good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	The volcano?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.	Scared
Rachel Green	What?!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.	Scared
Monica Geller	Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?	Scared
Monica Geller	Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?	Sad
#ALL#	Oh, yeah. Yeah.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.	Neutral
Ross Geller	With such a sad history.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Could there be more Kims?	Scared

Joanna	Who's out there?	Neutral
Rachel Green	It's me! Good morning!	Joyful
Joanna	Rachel, could you come in here for a moment, please?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn't have poppy seed bagels, so I... Oh my word!	Scared
Joanna	I seem to have had a slight office mishap. Could you please get the key off the back of the door for me.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, yeah! Yeah!	Neutral
Joanna	You tell your friend Chandler that we're definately broken up this time.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Okay.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Hey! New wallet, huh?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Rachel!	Mad
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Monica Geller	You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!	Mad
Rachel Green	Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Have you ever taken out the trash?	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, I thought you liked doing it.	Mad
Monica Geller	Third door on the left.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Right!	Neutral

Rachel Green	Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger.	Joyful
Mr. Treeger	Hey.	Joyful
Mr. Treeger	What are you doing?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Ummm. Oh! I'm sorry. It's a little old but...	Sad
Mr. Treeger	No! You're clogging up the chute that I spent a half-hour unclogging!	Sad
Rachel Green	I'm sorry. I didn't-I don't come in here a lot.	Sad
Mr. Treeger	Oh yeah, of course you don't!	Neutral
Rachel Green	No.	Peaceful
Mr. Treeger	'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."	Powerful
Rachel Green	I didn't... I never said that.	Mad
Mr. Treeger	You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?	Sad
Rachel Green	Okay, I'm sorry.	Sad
Monica Geller	God! If you're gonna cry about it!	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?	Mad
Rachel Green	Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.	Mad
Monica Geller	Joey, please don't do that. I think it's best that we just forget about it.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	That's easy for you to say, you weren't almost just killed.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	All right that's it, school is in session!	Mad
Monica Geller	My God! Is this a gym card?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.	Sad
Ross Geller	So why don't you quit?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.	Mad
Ross Geller	Who is Maria?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.	Joyful
Ross Geller	You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	No!	Mad
Ross Geller	So you're strong enough to face her on your own?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh no, you'll have to come.	Neutral

Mr. Treeger	Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.	Mad
Mr. Treeger	And tell him what?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.	Mad
Mr. Treeger	Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I have actually not heard of that.	Neutral
Mr. Treeger	Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Why don't you tell me something I don't know!	Mad

Ross Geller	Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yes. Yes!	Powerful
Ross Geller	One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"	Powerful
Chandler Bing	No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Good! That's good!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay. I wanna quit the gym.	Powerful
Gym Employee	You wanna quit?	Sad
Chandler Bing	I wanna quit the gym.	Powerful
Gym Employee	You do realize that you won't have access to our new full service Swedish spa.	Sad
Chandler Bing	I wanna quit the gym.	Powerful
Gym Employee	Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. Uh, excuse me, are you a member?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Me? No.	Neutral
Gym Employee	Sorry, members only.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I wanna quit the gym.	Scared
Ross Geller	It's okay man, be strong.	Powerful
Gym Employee	So, are you a member of any gym.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No! And I'm not gonna be, so you can save you little speech.	Powerful
Gym Employee	Okay, no problem. Could you come here for a second?	Neutral
Woman	Hi, I'm Maria.	Joyful

Rick Sanoven	Wow, you have really pretty feet.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	These old things.	Joyful
Rick Sanoven	Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.	Neutral
Rick Sanoven	Yeah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y'know, real nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.	Scared
Rick Sanoven	Oh, a 16-hour sit-in for Greenpeace.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Neutral
Rick Sanoven	Ow! Did you just bite me?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No!	Scared

Mr. Treeger	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Please don't kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn't there fault, it was mine.	Sad
Mr. Treeger	You want me to kick you guys out instead?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No you can't do that, where would the chick and the duck live?	Scared
Mr. Treeger	You have pets!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. I'm the chick and Chandler is the duck.	Scared
Mr. Treeger	Huh, I would've thought it was the other way around.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I'll do whatever you want.	Scared
Mr. Treeger	Really? You'll do anything?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah-yeah, absolutely.	Scared
Mr. Treeger	Yeah, I've got something you can do.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What, what is it?	Scared
Mr. Treeger	Can you be my dancing partner?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	That's not, prison lingo, is it?	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	All right, I'm here, let's ahh, get this over with.	Peaceful
Mr. Treeger	Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?	Scared
Mr. Treeger	Look come on, eh, just ah, just ah, put your arms around me, eh.	Peaceful
Mr. Treeger	Ahhhh! I'm sorry!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No, it's okay, but if I'm Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.	Sad
Mr. Treeger	Ahh, forget it! I'll never be any good at this, my mom was right, I'm just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Come on man, you're not a potato.	Peaceful
Mr. Treeger	I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!	Peaceful
Mr. Treeger	Yeah!	Powerful

Monica Geller	Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time.	Joyful
Rachel Green	What was that?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Neutral
Rachel Green	You just did a little dancy thing.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No I didn't.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yes you did! You did like a little hop.	Powerful
Rachel Green	You are soo enjoying this.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, I'm not! And it wasn't a hop it was a pademarie.	Mad
Monica Geller	You know the words! You are so into this!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right, well maybe I'm enjoying it a little bit. I mean I'm getting pretty good at it.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey-hey, hold on, this isn't some kind of like girly dance. All right, it's like a sport, it's manly!	Peaceful
Monica Geller	All right, then show me some manly moves.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	All right.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I don't know how to lead.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hello.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hi.	Neutral
Ross Geller	We'd like to close our accounts.	Neutral
Bank Officer	Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No-no.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, we'd just like to close them.	Neutral
Bank Officer	Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. Would you come over here please?	Neutral
Ms. Lambert	Hi, I'm Karen.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I wanna quit the bank!	Mad

Phoebe Buffay	Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Chandler's knees. Chandler's... ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. Oh no. Okay, you're all set.	Scared
Rick Sanoven	Oh wow! That was amazing, was that really just an hour?!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah! In... really long hour world.	Joyful
Rick Sanoven	What?	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.	Peaceful
Rick Sanoven	Wow! I had no idea! But you know, I could always find another masseuse.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Really?!	Joyful
Rick Sanoven	Yeah, really.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	What?	Mad
Rick Sanoven	Suddenly, I very aware that I'm naked.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, quit down.	Joyful
Mrs. Potter	Mr. Simon's been waiting for- Oh my God!	Peaceful
Mr. Simon	Why wasn't I offered that? I'd definitely pay more for that.	Powerful
Mrs. Potter	Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.	Peaceful
Mrs. Potter	Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, I will tell her.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Hi!	Neutral
Kathy	Hi.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.	Neutral
Kathy	I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh my God! That's why I got up too!	Joyful
Kathy	You're kidding! Oh, I love him.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...	Sad
Kathy	Oh please!	Scared
Chandler Bing	So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.	Neutral
Kathy	Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.	Joyful
Kathy	Oh-oh-oh-oh!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Is it on?	Neutral
Kathy	No, but this wonder broom is amazing!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Peaceful
Kathy	Oh my God!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh! It's on! It's on!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	There we go little fella.	Joyful
Kathy	What about the duck?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well the duck can swim.	Peaceful
Kathy	Oh, jeez.	Peaceful

Phoebe Buffay	My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.	Joyful
#ALL#	Way to go, Phoebe!	Neutral
Monica Geller	That cold makes you sound so great.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	It's fun, God I love how sexy I am.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.	Joyful
#ALL#	Ooh, that's great, I love those little guys.	Joyful
Kathy	No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical researcher.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well, have fun!	Neutral
Kathy	Okay.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Y'know what, I like Kathy.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yeah, she's...	Neutral
Chandler Bing	She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?	Neutral
Rachel Green	You love her.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No, I don't.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Come on, Pheebs lay off him.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Thank you, Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right.	Neutral
#ALL#	Ohh!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh!	Joyful

Amanda (Ross' date)	Hi!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Amanda (Ross' date)	Hi Ben!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Wow! You-you look great!	Joyful
Amanda (Ross' date)	Thanks!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Okay! Hey Tommy.	Peaceful
Amanda (Ross' date)	I am so glad that you could come over tonight.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.	Joyful
Amanda (Ross' date)	Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	What?	Neutral
Amanda (Ross' date)	I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I-I-I...	Peaceful
Amanda (Ross' date)	Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Who wants to make some long distance calls?	Peaceful

Chandler Bing	Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Fetch! Fetch it! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy.	Joyful
Kathy	Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"	Joyful
Kathy	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Mad

Monica Geller	Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Her date tipped me ten dollars.	Sad
Ross Geller	Pheebs, what are you doing?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.	Scared
Monica Geller	Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	What?!	Scared
Ross Geller	Are you serious?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!	Scared
Chandler Bing	I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	You mean you stole it! Don't cover your mouth when you do that!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Peaceful
Kathy	We were just talking about you.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Really?!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Right in there!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey guys. Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	It's 4:30.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, I see what's going on here.	Mad
Chandler Bing	You-you do?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! You don't like Kathy.	Mad
Chandler Bing	You got me.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yeah. Right.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Good, and hey! My treat. But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Ross isn't here.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh. Stop it!	Scared
Joshua Burgin	So I'll see you at the party? Beer's beer man, 24, 7!!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah! I am soo gonna marry that guy. Ohhh!	Joyful
Monica Geller	What?	Neutral
Rachel Green	I think he's stealing from me.	Scared
Monica Geller	Why?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Because he's stealing from me!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Hi! It's me. And soup. Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ughh!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Thank you so much Phoebe.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Sure.	Joyful
Monica Geller	What are you doing with those?!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Sorry, Phoebe.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	It's okay. How's the soup?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Umm.	Scared
Monica Geller	Ohhhh!! Gross!!	Mad

Kathy	Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's underwear!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Is she great or what?	Joyful
Kathy	So? Huh? What do you think?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.	Neutral
Kathy	Not your type?! She's gorgeous!	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.	Peaceful
Kathy	Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Uhh, no-no thanks.	Peaceful
Kathy	Okay, I've got some ugly friends, and they're all available too.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I'll be right back. What was that?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	What?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, what do you want from me?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.	Mad
Chandler Bing	I am pretending.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well then, do it better!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?	Neutral
Monica Geller	No, sorry.	Scared
Rachel Green	Well where's Amanda?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?	Sad
Rachel Green	I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ross, cough drops, please?	Sad
Ross Geller	At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.	Mad
Rachel Green	Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.	Mad
Ross Geller	You see Amanda and I have a very special...	Powerful
Monica Geller	You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!	Mad
Rachel Green	Ohh, that is soo sad.	Joyful
Monica Geller	And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'	Mad
Rachel Green	Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it!	Mad
Monica Geller	That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!	Mad
Ross Geller	Fine.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Sorry.	Scared
Ross Geller	Here. At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Y'know...	Peaceful

Phoebe Buffay	And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies.	Joyful
Gunther	Rachel?	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah.	Neutral
Gunther	I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_	Neutral
Rachel Green	No!	Neutral
Gunther	Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty.	Scared
Rachel Green	Okay.	Scared
Gunther	So umm, are we cool?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Okay.	Scared
Gunther	I knew you'd understand.	Mad

Chandler Bing	I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!	Scared
Ross Geller	Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?	Joyful
#ALL#	Yeah! Oh my God!	Joyful

Casey	Here you go.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Great! All right, so I'll call you later.	Peaceful
Casey	Great!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	That would be Casey. We're going out tonight.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Wait! You're going out with Kathy!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	You got all that from the back of her head?	Scared
Chandler Bing	All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Who's Elaine?	Powerful

Chandler Bing	No-no-no-no, this is bad! It's bad! This is bad!	Sad
Kathy	Horrible!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?	Scared
Kathy	No-no-no, the kiss was good.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay!	Peaceful
Kathy	No, but that's bad!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here's what we do, we-we forget it happened.	Peaceful
Kathy	What?!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we're unhappy forever. Sound good?	Sad
Kathy	Can you really do that?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I have to; he's my best friend, and you're seeing him.	Scared
Kathy	Chandler, I like Joey a lot, but with you...	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.	Neutral
Kathy	I'm sorry. If you wanna pretend that nothing happened, I can try.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I-I think we have too.	Scared
Kathy	Okay. Bye.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Bye. Are you still out there?	Neutral
Kathy	No.	Scared

Ross Geller	Electrifying. Emphatic time-time-time...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Y'know, there's a Starbucks about three blocks down.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	It's so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Thank you guys-guys-guys...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey, aren't you up next?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no, I'm not playing tonight.	Sad
Rachel Green	Why not?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	I can't follow Ross! It'd be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.	Sad
Monica Geller	Phoebe, Ross sucks!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God, he's not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yeah, Phoebe you're... awful!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	You guys. You suck too.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	Aww man! I can't believe I locked myself out again!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Hang on buddy!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I sure did.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Why?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, you're amazing.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh no-no-no. This is amazing.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, I don't know.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.	Scared
Chandler Bing	You mean with Casey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No-no-no, I think I'm gonna see how things go with Kathy. She's pretty cool.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Or Casey.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No-no, Kathy.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Could be Casey.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No. No, Kathy.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Consider Casey.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!	Powerful

Ross Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don't want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Pheebs...	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...	Joyful
Ross Geller	See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.	Sad
Ross Geller	Yeah, okay.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I kissed Kathy.	Powerful
Ross Geller	What?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Are you serious?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Does Joey know?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he'll understand this?	Scared
Monica Geller	You obviously haven't screwed over a lot of your friends. Which we all appreciate.	Neutral
Ross Geller	No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Oh, don't say that! Don't say that. That's not true. Is it?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I think maybe, yeah.	Sad
Monica Geller	He loves you.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Then why didn't you tell me to do that?!!	Scared
Ross Geller	Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah! No, that's right. And I thought it was a really good idea.	Joyful
Rachel Green	I know, I remember that!	Joyful
Monica Geller	I remember you did.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	God!! What am I gonna do?!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Well, Chandler, you're gonna have to tell him.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Because you do.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I know.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God, he's lost it. He's totally lost it.	Scared
Monica Geller	What?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.	Mad
Ross Geller	Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah, like I could lose it.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?	Neutral
Ross Geller	I played bad on purpose guys.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah-no, just that last song.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Hello.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I...	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hello.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I'm...	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Stop callin'!!	Mad
Voice	Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right!	Neutral
Voice	What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything...	Mad

Ross Geller	Hey!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Neutral
Ross Geller	What are you doing?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'm sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.	Scared
Ross Geller	Everything? Even the TV?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No! I'm putting that in my room.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?	Neutral
Ross Geller	That's a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Five years.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You've sentenced him?!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Joey, the guy's your best friend.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don't know why you're pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there's a spot open.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, who? Me?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Wow! I'm honored! And y'know what I'm gonna do as my first act as your best friend?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Joyful
Ross Geller	I'm gonna get you to talk to Chandler.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right. But if you weren't my best friend.	Sad

Kathy	Oh my God, is it really that bad?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?	Neutral
Gunther	I thought you were Chandler. But umm, one of who is over there.	Neutral
Kathy	Oh.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey Joe.	Neutral

Doctor	I'll be right with you. Okay? Thanks, Wendy.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ooh, so cute, that I'm thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.	Powerful
Nurse	Dr. Burke will see you know.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.	Neutral
Nurse	Dr. Richard Burke is out of town. Dr. Timothy Burke, his son, will see you now.	Powerful
Timothy Burke	Ready?	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Hey! I'm sorry! That- where are you going?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	My folks.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	I don't know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	What?!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...	Sad
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.	Mad
Chandler Bing	All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!	Mad
Chandler Bing	What?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!	Mad
Chandler Bing	All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	We've got a box.	Peaceful

Timothy Burke	Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I was probably waiting for it to open.	Neutral
Timothy Burke	I gotta tell you, you look great now.	Joyful
Monica Geller	You look great too.	Joyful
Timothy Burke	You're an excellent patient!	Joyful
Monica Geller	So how does it look?	Neutral
Timothy Burke	Well, you've got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Like a pirate?!	Scared
Timothy Burke	If that helps you.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? Come on, one of us had to mention him.	Neutral
Timothy Burke	I moved back here a couple of months ago.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh. Big family dinner tonight?	Neutral
Timothy Burke	Uh.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No way!	Scared
Timothy Burke	I was gonna have Thanksgiving at my girlfriend's.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh.	Sad
Timothy Burke	But we broke up.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh.	Joyful
Timothy Burke	She-she wasn't ready for a serious commitment.	Sad
Monica Geller	Oh. So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?	Joyful
Timothy Burke	You're not wearing the patch yet.	Neutral
Monica Geller	I know.	Neutral

Rachel Green	Oh, he sees her!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, he's catching up to her!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, she sees him! Oh, they're hugging!	Joyful
Ross Geller	He's taking her purse!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Uhh, that's not them. I'm gonna go call the police.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, there they are!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	All right, get a room.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Okay!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Come on, no peeking!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Okayyyyy, open up!	Powerful
Ross Geller	What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, it's for our catering business!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I think I know that girl.	Neutral
Monica Geller	All right, umm, we're not gonna really keep it this way though.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No, we're gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	And also, we don't know what to do with this.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah, I definitely know her.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There's an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss...	Powerful
Joanna	Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...	Powerful
Joanna	Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.	Powerful
Rachel Green	God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.	Powerful
Joanna	Really? Well, in that case...	Scared
Rachel Green	And that's I'm so glad... there's no problem.	Scared
Joanna	That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohh! That's great!	Joyful
Joanna	You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Really?!	Scared
Joanna	No-ho-ho! Yeah. I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don't you worry, I'm sure with your qualifications you won't need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, I, umm...	Joyful
Joanna	Kidding! God, I feel wild today!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	Oh man! I am so excited-I may vomit!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Will you calm down, he's just a human guy.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Really?!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh yeah, it's beautiful country up there.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	It's not gonna be exactly like last time.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right, I'll see you guys.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Whoa-whoa-whoa!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	I have an audition, but I'll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Somewhere maybe along the equator?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Hello. It's Gandolf!!! So, are you in town? Oh, well, well maybe next time then.	Sad
Ross Geller	What happened?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	He's not gonna make it, he's stuck in Chicago.	Sad
Ross Geller	Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Stupid, useless Canadian money!	Mad

Mr. Posner	You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Thank you.	Joyful
Joanna	Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.	Mad
Mrs. Lynch	I notice that you've been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.	Joyful
Joanna	Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It's amazing how she gets it right almost every time!	Joyful
Rachel Green	I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.	Mad
Joanna	Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!	Scared
Mr. Posner	Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yes, I realize that...	Powerful
Joanna	And Rachel shouldn't have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I love working with designers!	Joyful
Joanna	With them, under them, what's the difference? Eh, Rach?	Scared

Monica Geller	Hey! My first review is out!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.	Powerful
Monica Geller	All right, look at my on the back page.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh! Do you need me to go with you?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No-no, it's okay. But are we sure we don't want the waterbed?	Sad
Monica Geller	Haven't we made this decision?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, all right.	Scared
Monica Geller	Bye!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Bye!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Who is it?	Powerful
Allesandro	It's Allesandro, from Allesandro's.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh my God.	Neutral
Allesandro	I want to talk to you about your review.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh my God, oh my God. Call me on the phone!	Powerful
Allesandro	Why? So you could hang up on me?	Powerful
Monica Geller	Look, I-I'm never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.	Peaceful
Allesandro	Just give me a chance too...	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.	Neutral
Monica Geller	No! Phoebe!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, Monica!	Neutral

Allesandro	I want a retraction! Our food is not inedible swill!	Mad
Monica Geller	I couldn't eat it! I had five friends who couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.	Mad
Allesandro	Well our service is not grossly incompetent.	Mad
Monica Geller	The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!	Mad
Allesandro	Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!	Mad
Monica Geller	All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.	Powerful
Allesandro	Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?	Mad
Allesandro	Lebanon.	Scared
Monica Geller	Hand me those tomatoes, I'm gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.	Powerful
Allesandro	How long is this gonna take? 'Cause I got another critic to go yell at.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you'd be out partying with Gandel-worf.	Joyful
Ross Geller	It's Gandolf, and he's not coming.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	So you've been sittin' around here all mornin'?	Neutral
Ross Geller	No! I balanced my checkbook.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.	Powerful
Ross Geller	I can't believe he didn't come!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	So what if he didn't come! We can still go out and party ourselves!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh-no, y'know with Gandolf we'd be out all night!	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah! We'd meet, we'd meet total strangers, and hang out with them!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, we could do that!	Powerful
Ross Geller	There's other stuff too.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	We'll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Yeah!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Yeah!!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	It's not like we don't know how to party!!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! All right? Let's go!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah!!!	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	All right!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well, those were seals, man.	Powerful

Joey Tribbiani	All right, so we'll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we'll head back out.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah, all right.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	So, we're having fun, right?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.	Scared
Ross Geller	I'm kinda beat.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Actually, me too.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Are you serious?!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yeah.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Thank God! I'm exhausted!	Peaceful
Gunther	So you guys want coffees?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, but uh, I don't want to be up too late, so uh, I'll have a decaf.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Yeah, me too.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I can't hear a word you're saying, my ears are ringing so bad.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y'know? I used them as mittens, I didn't want to touch a thing in that last place.	Sad
Ross Geller	How sad are we?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, I know.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah!	Neutral
Ross Geller	And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	We're 29, we're not women.	Scared

Monica Geller	Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I'm hearing.	Powerful
Monica Geller	I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	What?!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Or! A bakery delivery person.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I wa-I wa-I wa...	Neutral
Monica Geller	Pizza?!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Monica!	Neutral
Monica Geller	All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	No.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Okay. I'm guessing that if you don't want to deliver, you probably don't want to pick stuff up either.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Y'know what, let's do the catering business.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Really?! Are you sure?	Scared
Monica Geller	Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let's plan the wedding reception. Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. Y'know what, I want you to take the chef job.	Scared
Monica Geller	Really?!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. That's what you really want. Yeah, I don't want to be the reason you're unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don't want to be the reason I'm unhappy.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Thank you.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Oh, hi Mrs. Lynch! Is Joanna in already?	Neutral
Mrs. Lynch	Oh my goodness! You haven't heard!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Heard what?	Joyful
Mrs. Lynch	Joanna passed away last night.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh my God! How?!	Sad
Mrs. Lynch	Well, she was leaving work and she was hit by a cab.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh my God! Oh, I cannot believe it!	Sad
Mrs. Lynch	I know!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh God.	Sad
Mrs. Lynch	I didn't realize that she was so close.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.	Peaceful
Mrs. Lynch	No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.	Sad
Rachel Green	Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us-nothing about an assistant buyer?	Sad
Mrs. Lynch	No, I'm sorry. I have to go.	Sad
Sophie	Good morning!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...	Neutral
Sophie	I sure did!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!	Powerful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Oh I know!!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You guys, why didn't you tell me you were eloping?	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	'Cause it just sorta happened, y'know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch...	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Uhh, yeah.	Neutral
Alice Knight	We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.	Neutral
Alice Knight	And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.	Neutral
Frank Buffay Jr.	Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.	Joyful

Phoebe Abbott	It's open! Come in!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hi!	Neutral
Phoebe Abbott	Hi!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I'm sorry, I'm late.	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	Oh, that's okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	No, I was working on my pottery.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn't know that you did...pot.	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, erotiery!	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay.	Peaceful
Phoebe Abbott	I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Why not?	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I get a puppy!!	Joyful
Phoebe Abbott	Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Why?	Scared
Phoebe Abbott	I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay.	Peaceful
Phoebe Abbott	I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	All right, I'm sorry.	Sad

Joey Tribbiani	Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.	Neutral
Tour Guide	You mean Dr. Geller?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.	Powerful
Tour Guide	Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, how-how come?	Powerful
Tour Guide	That's just the way it is.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	That's crazy.	Joyful
Tour Guide	Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.	Peaceful
Tour Guide	Op, this is saved. Gift shop.	Joyful

Ross Geller	Hey, uh, I'm really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	It's no big deal. Hey, y'know, you do what you gotta do. Right?	Powerful
Ross Geller	But hey, it's not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Whatever.	Mad
Ross Geller	It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?	Joyful
Monica Geller	I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.	Sad

Older Scientist	Dr. Geller, there's a seat over here.	Scared
Ross Geller	Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I will sit with you Dr. Geller.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	I'm Joey! I'm an actor! I don't know squat about dinosaurs!	Powerful
Another Tour Guide	I'm Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	All right, there you go!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!	Joyful
Older Scientist	I'm Andrew, and I didn't pay for this pear.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Okay, good-good for you.	Mad
Tour Guide	I'm Rhonda, and these aren't real!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Wow, Rhonda.	Sad
Another Scientist	I'm Scott.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Yeah, okay, Scott!	Peaceful
Another Scientist	And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.	Scared

Monica Geller	Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?	Neutral
Rachel Green	It depends on who asked.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What if I asked?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh, Mon, sure.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Really?	Scared
Rachel Green	Yes. You're not asking are you?	Powerful
Monica Geller	No.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Yes! Totally!	Joyful
Kathy	Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you!	Joyful

Rachel Green	What the hell is that?!! What the hell is that? Is that you? Ohhhhhhh!	Mad
Monica Geller	Boy, you are really not a morning person.	Neutral
Rachel Green	BACK OFF!!! Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!!	Mad
Rachel Green	What is that noise?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	You!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	It's the chick! She's...going through some changes.	Neutral
Monica Geller	What kind of changes?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion.	Neutral

Dr. Zane	It looks like your uterus is ready for implantation.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.	Joyful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Well, okay, so what's now-go get, go get the eggs, put 'em in there.	Peaceful
Dr. Zane	Okay, it'll take just a little while to prepare the embryos.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Embryossss? As in, "More than one?"	Scared
Dr. Zane	Um-hmm, five actually.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?	Scared
Dr. Zane	We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!	Scared
Frank Buffay Jr.	Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?	Mad
Alice Knight	Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.	Peaceful
Frank Buffay Jr.	Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.	Peaceful
Alice Knight	Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?	Scared
Dr. Zane	No, I'm sorry.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! You guys really don't know anything!	Mad
Frank Buffay Jr.	I know! Why don't you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.	Joyful

Monica Geller	I can't find garbage bags!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, I think I saw some in here.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What is it?!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I don't know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it'll die.	Sad
Monica Geller	I can't believe we're living here!	Scared

Chandler Bing	Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!	Joyful
Ross Geller	People can hear you.	Scared
Chandler Bing	I know!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Wow! She looks great. Doesn't she?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Kathy's Co-Star	Hi!	Joyful
Kathy	Hi!	Joyful
Ross Geller	That is one good looking man!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!	Joyful
Kathy's Co-Star	Sooo, you've been doing this long?	Joyful
Kathy	No, you're my first. Put the money on the table.	Powerful
Kathy's Co-Star	Oh, yeah! Ooh, that's nice.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Dude!	Neutral
Kathy's Co-Star	Is that an expensive blouse?	Joyful
Kathy	If you want it to be.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Here's your girlfriend's button.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, it's just that maternity clothes are so expensive.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just......throw your purses at it.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Bloomingdale's eliminated my department.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh my God, are you out of a job?	Scared
Rachel Green	No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Uh-huh.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	That sounds great!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	There's gravy?	Powerful
Monica Geller	If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.	Mad
Monica Geller	What are you doing?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	I think I left a donut up here.	Powerful

Ross Geller	Hey!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh! How was Kathy's play?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	That's a good idea for a business!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	That-that is a good trick.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Yeah.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.	Neutral
Ross Geller	They're not a couple!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh-okay, I get the game now.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh yeah!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Really?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Look, you guys have been to every play I've ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?	Sad
Ross Geller	No.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Noooo!!	Neutral

Chandler Bing	So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I know but...	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh no-no-no, I'm there.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Hey!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?	Joyful
Monica Geller	You made pancakes?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yep! Grab a plate.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Okay.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	No-no, stay right there. Gettin' closer.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Listen also we're uh, we're watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh yeah!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah, who's playing?	Mad
Monica Geller	The players.	Mad
Ross Geller	Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh.	Joyful

Rachel Green	Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.	Scared
Stephen Waltham	In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hi!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Hi, I'm Joshua.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi, I'm Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Well, I need a whole new wardrobe. My wife, well my ex-wife...	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh, I'm so sorry.	Sad
Joshua Burgin	Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.	Sad
Rachel Green	Well, at least that's a great suit.	Peaceful
Joshua Burgin	Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Okay.	Neutral
Stephen Waltham	Rachel, you needed to speak to me?	Powerful
Rachel Green	No-no, that wasn't me! Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. The selection of underwear we carry.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh-oh, sorry, it's this way, it's this way.	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	It's this way? Sorry.	Scared

Chandler Bing	I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!	Joyful
Ross Geller	All right, let's not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Here she comes. Don't say a word, okay? Just be cool, don't be...y'know you.	Scared
Kathy	Hey you guys!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hey!	Peaceful
Kathy	Hi! Thank you so much for coming again. Did you like it tonight?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh, absolutely!	Joyful
Kathy	Wasn't Nick funny when he couldn't get his match lit?	Joyful
Kathy	It's a good play, isn't it?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him.	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay, I...	Powerful
Kathy	Clearly, I'm having sex with him?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!	Mad
Kathy	Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.	Mad
Kathy	Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, you can understand, given how we started.	Mad
Kathy	Oh, wow. I can't believe you're throwing that in my face.	Mad
Chandler Bing	Well, that is what happened, and I don't even see you denying this!	Mad
Kathy	I'll tell you what, Chandler, why don't you call me when you grow up!	Mad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, well, don't expect that to happen anytime soon!	Mad

Chandler Bing	Did she call?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No, sorry.	Sad
Chandler Bing	All right, maybe I should call her.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	No! Forget her, man! You don't need her, you don't need that!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	He's right, what she did was unforgivable.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	How might you be wrong?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Dude, tell me she actually told you this.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!	Joyful
Ross Geller	That's all you're basing this on?	Scared
Chandler Bing	That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh my God!!	Joyful

Rachel Green	Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	What do you think?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Huh. Yeah?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. Umm, so you like it?	Peaceful
Joshua Burgin	I do. I do. I love it. In fact, I think I'm gonna wear it home.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Great.	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	All right, thank you so much for all your help.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Sure.	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Well, I guess this is uh, I guess this is it.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Yeah-eah-ha!	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Thanks. Maybe I'll see in the spring, with the uh, y'know, for the uh, bathing suits.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh well, you don't want to do that now?!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Ah, that's okay, thanks.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Okay.	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Anyway, hopefully, I'll see you around sometime.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Basketball!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	I'm sorry.	Sad
Rachel Green	I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you're interested, just as a thank you for this week.	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Wow! That would be great.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Really?	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel.	Joyful
Stephen Waltham	Good morning.	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Hi!	Peaceful

Kathy	Hey.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.	Peaceful
Kathy	Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?	Sad
Kathy	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	So now, what is this now?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Guggly worm.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	And this?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Glow-pop giggly jammer.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You make it so funny.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey umm, what's this?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"	Joyful
#ALL#	Great!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.	Powerful
Monica Geller	What's Phase Two?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Gettin' drunk and going to a strip club.	Joyful
Rachel Green	How does going to a strip club help him better?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Because there are naked ladies there.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	There are naked ladies there too.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Would you give me one minute!! Please.	Mad

Joey Tribbiani	Hey! Joey Tribbiani! I'm here! I'm here!	Joyful
The A.D	Calm down, we got time, we're running a little late.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Look at that, Charlton Heston eating a liquorice whip!	Joyful
The A.D	Yeah, we loves 'em. I've never seen him with-	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?	Powerful
The A.D	You.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?	Scared
The A.D	You?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No-no, it's uh, it's Heston.	Scared
The A.D	What?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.	Scared
The A.D	There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?	Joyful
The A.D	The one with "Heston" on it.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Interesting.	Powerful

Monica Geller	Okay, I've got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No thanks, Mom!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, 'cause I'm pregnant.	Scared
The Cigarette Smoking Guy	Well, maybe you and your baby should go to another strip club.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ha-ha, it's not my baby, ha-ha-ha!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Very good, so good.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Come on! Look where you are!!	Neutral
Monica Geller	When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Remember, a virgin for me please.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Well, if you think it will help.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	You should! How is she?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ohhh!!	Scared
Monica Geller	I think somebody needs another lap dance.	Neutral

Charlton Heston	Hello! Who's in there?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	How ya doin'?	Peaceful
Charlton Heston	Who in the hell are you?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I guess you wouldn't believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?	Joyful
Charlton Heston	Put some pants on kid so I can kick your butt.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.	Peaceful
Charlton Heston	You're in this picture?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!	Joyful
Charlton Heston	Joey, right?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Neutral
Charlton Heston	Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh no-no-no, you don't understand...	Scared
Charlton Heston	Listen to me!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah, yeah.	Neutral
Charlton Heston	I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm-	Scared
Charlton Heston	Wait a minute! Take your pants.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah. Oh, yeah.	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Come on, let me see that smile.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I don't wanna.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Please?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I wanted to go to the strip club!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, all right.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Hey!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hey!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, hey!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Hey! You were so right!	Powerful
Rachel Green	What?	Scared
Ross Geller	Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, hmm.	Powerful
Ross Geller	I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...	Powerful
Rachel Green	Joshua.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Joshua...guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda...y'know.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yeah, I...	Powerful
Ross Geller	But now! I'm there! I'm totally there! I'm-I'm finally where you are!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, thank goodness!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, no problem. I'm so glad I could help. Happy for you.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Happy for you.	Joyful
Rachel Green	No, happy for you!	Joyful

Chandler Bing	All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I-I wanna be with her, I like her.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Wait, now, what am I doing again?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!	Powerful
The Cigarette Guy	Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.	Neutral
Rachel Green	No-no-no, that' not Joshua.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!	Neutral

Chandler Bing	Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Chandler, there's a guy right over there.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hmm.	Neutral
Woman	OH...MY...GAWD!!	Joyful

Emily Waltham	I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.	Scared
Ross Geller	No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Help! Help!! Help! Help!!	Scared
Emily Waltham	No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. Liam, Devon, this is Ross.	Peaceful
Devon	Hey, mate.	Peaceful
Liam	How are ya man?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? Help! Help!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	So how are you? I've been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I've been rather busy.	Neutral
Devon	Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?	Neutral
Emily Waltham	Oh my God. I think you're right.	Joyful
Liam	Well, actually the last time you and I saw each other was that morning.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Oh, Liam.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it football?	Joyful
Devon	We were playing rugby.	Neutral
Liam	In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Ross play rugby? I don't think so.	Joyful
Ross Geller	What's ah, what's so funny about that?	Neutral
Emily Waltham	Well I mean, you're American to start with. You don't even have rugby here.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Well, we didn't have freedom here until 1776, either so...	Neutral
Devon	So good then! We'll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!	Joyful
Liam	Cheers!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Cheers!	Joyful

Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh boy, I just love to sing!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship...	Powerful
Janice Litman Goralnik	I know! And I'm just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!	Sad
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh no! Where to? Too Paris?	Sad
Chandler Bing	No! No! Not, Paris.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	When?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I don't know exactly.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.	Scared
Chandler Bing	But I do know that it's some time tomorrow.	Neutral

Monica Geller	Done?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yep!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! What's up?	Neutral
Monica Geller	This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I bet I stopped listening before you did.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?	Scared
Rachel Green	It's coming from Joey!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh my God, that's so freaky! Turn him off!!	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy , and that guy . And that one-Dude! They're all huge!	Scared
Ross Geller	They don't look any bigger than me!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Well, maybe that's because you're closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.	Peaceful
Emily Waltham	I'm just going to say hi to the lads. All right?	Peaceful
Ross Geller	All right.	Peaceful
Emily Waltham	Okay.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hi.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Whoa! I kinda liked it.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. Y'know, Red Ross!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I totally don't know what you're talking about.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	No.	Neutral
Ross Geller	You'll see.	Powerful
Emily Waltham	Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it's his first time.	Peaceful
Liam	You don't say!	Mad
Emily Waltham	Good luck, babe.	Peaceful
Liam	Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! Ross! Come on!	Joyful
Liam	Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!	Mad
Ross Geller	JOEY!!!!!!	Joyful

Rachel Green	You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?	Joyful
Monica Geller	He asked you out?!	Joyful
Rachel Green	No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Saucy!	Joyful
Rachel Green	What are these?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Electrical plans for the building.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?	Scared
Monica Geller	I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Wow! If only more people knew.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.	Peaceful
Janice Litman Goralnik	On no! No! It's not good-bye, I'm not leaving until you get on that plane.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.	Scared
Ticket Counter Attendant	One ticket to Yemen?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.	Scared
Ticket Counter Attendant	I'm sorry sir, I don't understand.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?	Scared
Ticket Counter Attendant	Are you travelling with a child?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.	Scared
Ticket Counter Attendant	Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don't take library cards.	Neutral
Janice Litman Goralnik	What's the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	American Express?	Mad

Rachel Green	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Rachel Green	What-what are-what are these?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?	Joyful
Monica Geller	No-no-no, no!	Mad
Monica Geller	I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh my God! Look at this!	Mad
Monica Geller	Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!	Mad
Rachel Green	I don't care! The wires have come loose in your head!	Mad
Monica Geller	I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.	Neutral
Rachel Green	And did you?!	Mad
Monica Geller	No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.	Scared
Monica Geller	But it didn't. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh my God.	Neutral
Mrs. Chatracus	Hello darling.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?	Scared
Ross Geller	Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, sure.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	No, not you.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Uhh, look, your eye's still popping out a little, I'm gonna go get some ice.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	You were amazing out there.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, I kinda was, wasn't I?	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Oh my God!	Joyful
Ross Geller	I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	You really enjoyed yourself didn't you?	Joyful
Ross Geller	Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	I think you've got concussion.	Scared
Ross Geller	No, no, I'm serious. Thank you.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	You're welcome. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?	Scared
Ross Geller	It's worth the pain. Y'know what, you know what? It's not.	Joyful

Ticket Counter Attendant	This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Well, I-I guess I gotta go.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I'll wait for you. Do you even know how long you're going to be gone?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Oh. Well, I'll right you everyday. 15 Yemen Road, Yemen.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.	Powerful
Janice Litman Goralnik	Chandler?	Scared
Chandler Bing	No!	Scared
Janice Litman Goralnik	Chandler!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!	Powerful
Janice Litman Goralnik	No! No! I wanna see you take-off.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?	Neutral

Monica Geller	What is it hon?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake-ooh! Cake! No.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Aww, honey I'm sorry.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	God! Ooh! What is that smell? It's coming from the bathroom. Ooh!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	It's me. It's Phoebe. Listen there's something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Is it the shampoo? It's guava.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	No!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh! Wait-wait! Is it my bologna sandwich?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, wait-wait! Maybe it's a pickle?!	Joyful

Joshua Burgin	Okay!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, here's that trench-coat that you wanted.	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	Oh great! Wow! Yeah, it's comfortable.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yeah?	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.	Peaceful
Joshua Burgin	Why not?!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well, that's because of a lot of...	Peaceful
Joshua Burgin	Y'know, they ruin it for everybody.	Powerful
Rachel Green	I know!	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	Y'know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh?	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Well, congratulations, so do you love her?	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	No, no, no, she's nice but, y'know, it just it made me realize that I'm just not, I'm just not ready to be dating, y'know?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Huh. Well, uh, that's uh, that's interesting.	Peaceful
Joshua Burgin	Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, it's just an anti-theft device.	Scared
Joshua Burgin	Then uh, what's-what's this?	Joyful
Rachel Green	You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Oooh, what you got there?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Pastrami.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y'know what goes good with that?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hm-mm, corn beef.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that's much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Okay.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Six months.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Not if I get there first.	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Hey!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	All right.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Listen. Listen. Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Wow, Pheebs! That sounds great!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I know! I know, and I've only been playing for like an hour!	Joyful
Alice Knight	Phoebe! Phoebe! Hi! Hi!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey! What are you doing here?	Joyful
Alice Knight	Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, well, don't tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.	Sad
Alice Knight	No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Wouldn't that be Frank the III?	Sad
Alice Knight	Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.	Joyful
Alice Knight	You think about it.	Joyful

Emily Waltham	I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don't think your son will think it's yours and be horribly traumatised?	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.	Powerful
Emily Waltham	Ohh, it's time to go.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock's a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?	Scared
Emily Waltham	Well that's ambitious.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey, uh, you can ignore that.	Sad
Emily Waltham	That's Carol with your son!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Uhh, believe me when he's older, he'll understand.	Powerful
Carol Willick	Ross!	Scared
Ross Geller	I'll be right there. Hello! Hello! Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	Hey, it's so nice to finally meet you!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Me too!	Joyful
Carol Willick	Ohh, y'know, Susan's gonna be shooting a commercial in London next week.	Powerful
Susan Bunch	Oh yeah, I'm so excited, I've never been there.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Oh, well, I'll show you around.	Joyful
Susan Bunch	That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions...	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Oh, there's tonnes of terrific stuff-I'll go with you!	Scared
Susan Bunch	Ahh!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...	Powerful
Emily Waltham	Are you all right?	Powerful
Susan Bunch	Oh, he's fine. He's fine. It's just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn't like me.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh come on! That's-that's... true.	Powerful

Phoebe Buffay	Hi!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	What do ya say? What do ya say?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!	Powerful

Rachel Green	Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.	Scared
Rachel Green	Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Um-hmm.	Neutral
Rachel Green	What am I making him by the way?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.	Neutral
Rachel Green	I thought I was making him filet mignon?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.	Mad

Ross Geller	Hey!	Neutral
Carol Willick	Hey! How's Ben?	Mad
Ross Geller	Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he's sweeping.	Sad
Carol Willick	Hey, Ben! Hey!	Powerful
Ross Geller	So umm, any word from Susan?	Neutral
Carol Willick	Ooh, yeah! She said she's having sooo much fun with Emily.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don't know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?	Powerful
Carol Willick	What's too much fun?	Scared
Ross Geller	Y'know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	Oh my God, you are so paranoid!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Am I?!	Mad
Carol Willick	Yes!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Am I?!	Mad
Carol Willick	I can't speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else... There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?	Joyful
Carol Willick	Maybe.	Scared
Ross Geller	OH MY GOD!! I didn't really believe it until you just said it!!	Joyful

Joshua Burgin	...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!	Scared
Rachel Green	Wow! This place is fabulous!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	Yeah, well, it would've been, but uh, my parents just moved here.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?	Powerful
Joshua Burgin	Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?	Scared
Joshua Burgin	Oh yeah, yeah uh, it's down the hall and uh, second door to your left.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ah.	Neutral
Mrs. Burgin	Oh, hi, darling!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?	Powerful
Mrs. Burgin	Oh, well we cut the trip short.	Joyful
Mr. Burgin	France sucks!	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here.	Joyful
Mrs. Burgin	Oh, say no more!	Sad
Mr. Burgin	We'll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we'll be right out of you hair.	Neutral
Joshua Burgin	Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn't even get to Italy?	Scared
Mr. Burgin	Yep, sucks!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hi you!	Scared
Joshua Burgin	Oh my God!	Powerful
Rachel Green	I know, I can do more than cook.	Joyful
Mr. Burgin	I like her. She sees smart.	Peaceful

Joshua Burgin	Uhh, Rachel, my parents...	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Ohh! It's so nice to meet you. Hello.	Joyful
Mr. Burgin	Hi.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Hello.	Peaceful
Mrs. Burgin	Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.	Powerful
Rachel Green	What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."	Scared
Mrs. Burgin	Maybe in L.A?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yes!	Joyful
Joshua Burgin	There you go.	Joyful
Mr. Burgin	So, have you kids eaten yet?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Well, we were going to do that after-I mean umm, next.	Sad
Mr. Burgin	Well, we're starving, why don't we all go get something to eat?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Oh, yeah, well... Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin' around the house.	Sad
Mr. Burgin	So... We go eat.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yes.	Neutral
Mr. Burgin	You'll wear that. We'll be eating, and of course, you'll be wearing that.	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Dude, I am sorry about what I said!	Sad
Chandler Bing	No, no, you're right, it is a ridiculous name!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	It's not that bad.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	So, you're just Bing?	Mad
Chandler Bing	I have no name.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Umm, Gene.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It's Clint. It's Clint!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	See you later, Gene.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Bye, Gene.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	It's Clint! Clint!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What's up with Gene?	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Drum roll.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.	Scared
Chandler Bing	All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	You're actually going through with this?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Really?!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Okay. Thanks.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Okay!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	You wanna hug it out?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yay!	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yay!	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Yay-oh-yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!	Sad
Chandler Bing	Okay!	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, uh...	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Bye, Pheebs!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, bye!	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Ha! Ha! Ha!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh!	Powerful

Ross Geller	Nice luggage.	Peaceful
Carol Willick	I was gonna say...	Neutral
Susan Bunch	Hey!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Hey! I missed you.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Oh, I missed you too.	Peaceful
Susan Bunch	Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.	Powerful
Emily Waltham	Oh, so did I.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No tongue.	Joyful

The Singing Man	Morning's here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here! The morning's here!	Joyful
Rachel Green	HEY!! Do you have to do that? It's Saturday!	Powerful
The Singing Man	Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!	Joyful
Rachel Green	I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Are you kidding? I love that guy! Morning's here! Morning is here-	Scared
Rachel Green	Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.	Mad
Monica Geller	Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Monica, you don't even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!	Mad
Monica Geller	Y'know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!	Scared
Rachel Green	I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.	Sad
Monica Geller	Okay.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	See, this is a great apartment.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Shut up! This place is a hole!	Mad

Emily Waltham	Oh, blimey, I still can't believe you've got an earring!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe?	Joyful
Emily Waltham	He does that?!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Uh, I don't know, whatever.	Scared
Emily Waltham	I think it makes you look really dangerous.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Oh, I know. Y'know what, I never would've gotten this if it weren't for you. No really, when I'm with you I'm-I'm like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	I love both of you!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah?	Scared
Emily Waltham	I wish I didn't have to go.	Sad
Ross Geller	Then don't. Stay here. Just don't go so soon to London, just one more day.	Sad
Emily Waltham	Ohh, Ross, please!	Sad
Ross Geller	One more day, seriously/	Peaceful
Emily Waltham	Don't do this to me, again. You'd know I'd stay here in a minute, but I'd really miss so much work, they'll fire me.	Sad
Ross Geller	So, then you can stay as long as you want.	Sad
Emily Waltham	I wish I could.	Sad
Ross Geller	Oh no. Don't, don't, don't start packing. Come on!	Sad
Emily Waltham	I don't think you understand packing. Look, I just don't want to leave it to the last minute. Last time I left in such a rush, I left my knickers here.	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.	Sad
Emily Waltham	You didn't!	Joyful
Ross Geller	No. No, I didn't. I didn't want to be that guy.	Sad

The Singing Man	Morning's here! The morning's here!	Joyful
Both	Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here!	Joyful
The Singing Man	Hey! You're back!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey! Get into gear!	Joyful
The Singing Man	Breakfast is near!	Joyful
Both	The dark of night has disappeared!!	Joyful
The Singing Man	I'll see you tomorrow morning!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay!	Joyful

Phoebe Buffay	That's like the tenth time I've peed since I've been here!	Mad
Monica Geller	That's also like the tenth time you told us.	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!	Mad
Ross Geller	Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Thank you so much.	Joyful
Rachel Green	So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I haven't really had any yet.	Neutral

Ross Geller	Hey guys!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Joyful
Ross Geller	All right, here's the ring.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!	Joyful
Ross Geller	So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh, it's awkward. It's awkward. It's awkward.	Scared
Ross Geller	I sort've already asked Chandler.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!	Sad
Chandler Bing	You can be the best man when I get married.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I'll never get to be a best man!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Oh no-no-no, you-yeah, of course you get to be my best man.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	What about me?! You-you just said I could!	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	I can't believe you're not picking me.	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!	Mad
Chandler Bing	I'm not even... I'm not even...	Scared
Ross Geller	Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Yes! Shame about you man.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Great. Great.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.	Neutral
Gunther	I'll be there.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	All right-oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I'd really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Okay! We'll need a six-pack of Zima.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey guys, what are you doing?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	You got it.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Okay, see ya later.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	See ya. Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Well, there's gonna be strippers there. He didn't say anything about no strippers.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	He just said, "No strippers."	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, I chose not to hear that.	Powerful

Monica Geller	Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! Can you believe they make these for little people?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Little village people.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, that is so sweet!	Joyful
Monica Geller	I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Huh. Except, Phoebe's not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.	Sad
Monica Geller	Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.	Sad
Rachel Green	Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!	Scared
Monica Geller	Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh, she's gonna love that!	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!	Mad
Chandler Bing	What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	The ring is gone!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!	Scared
Chandler Bing	You slept with the stripper?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Of course!!	Neutral

Phoebe Buffay	Hi, guys.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hi! Phoebe.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hi Phoebe.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.	Sad
Rachel Green	No we...	Scared
Monica Geller	Hormones.	Scared
Rachel Green	...hormones, yeah.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, well, actually we were just talking about me not going to Ross's wedding.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh!	Joyful
Rachel Green	It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Well, h-how is this like that?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...	Sad
Rachel Green	I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that...	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Alrighty, here come the water works.	Peaceful

Joey Tribbiani	Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?	Mad
Ross Geller	Hey guys!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Hey!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey...	Neutral
Ross Geller	I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!	Scared
Ross Geller	Yeah, right!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...	Peaceful
Ross Geller	That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	So you might say, it's a magic ring.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, the stripper stole it.	Joyful
Ross Geller	My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."	Scared
Ross Geller	All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!	Scared
Ross Geller	Not on you! On the stripper!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"	Joyful
Ross Geller	So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...	Sad
Chandler Bing	Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, that sounds like fun, but we've got a ring to find!!	Joyful

Monica Geller	Here's your tea Phoebe.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	It's so good. Oh, thanks.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Good.	Powerful
Monica Geller	I'm so glad you liked it.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh!	Joyful
Monica Geller	What?!	Neutral
Rachel Green	What?! She made the tea!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.	Neutral
Rachel Green	You what?	Neutral
Monica Geller	Oh my God!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!	Powerful
Rachel Green	Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Rachel, get the book! The book!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Okay! Okay! Here!	Scared
Monica Geller	The Bible?!	Joyful
Rachel Green	I don't know!	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Diverse.	Scared
The Stripper	Did anybody call for security?	Scared
Chandler Bing	You be cool.	Peaceful
The Stripper	Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk? Hey, Joey?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Way to be cool, man.	Peaceful
The Stripper	What's he talking about?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!	Peaceful
The Stripper	Wait, you guys think I stole some ring?	Mad
The Guys	Yeah!	Neutral
Ross Geller	We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!	Mad
The Stripper	Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Marry me.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	If anything should happen to him...	Scared
Ross Geller	Joey! The vet said it's a simple procedure.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	So! Things can go wrong! You don't know! What if he doesn't make it?!	Mad
Chandler Bing	He will, Joe.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, but what if he doesn't? He's such a good duck.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	I'm so worried about him, y'know?	Sad
The Doctor	Somebody lose a ring?	Powerful
Ross Geller	Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	H-h-h-how's the duck?	Scared
The Doctor	He's doing just fine, he's resting now, but you can see him in a little bit.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.	Joyful
Ross Geller	No, that's all right.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Hey, come on, it's not your fault.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	No, you should.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Now, don't argue with me...	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Really?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Really?	Scared
Ross Geller	Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Thanks man.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I gotta go check something over here.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	What a baby.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Total wuss!	Sad

Monica Geller	Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	What do you got there?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Condoms, dude!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	How come the writing is in Spanish?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Don't read my condoms!	Neutral
Monica Geller	Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Who are you saying "check" too?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Hey!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Hey!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	Hey! Are you ready yet?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yep! You got the tickets?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Oh! Got 'em right here, check!	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	It's all London, baby! Here we go.	Sad
Chandler Bing	You got your passport?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don't want to lose that.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh!!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	There it is.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Come on! Do something!	Mad
Chandler Bing	I am, I'm ignoring you.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Okay, here! I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Oh, what the hell is that?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	I got it! Here we go.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!	Mad

Emily Waltham	...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...	Scared
Ross Geller	Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, honey, okay?	Powerful
Emily Waltham	Well, up yours too!	Peaceful
Ross Geller	What?!	Scared
Emily Waltham	Oh, that's not what it means?	Scared
Ross Geller	No! No! That's-that's time-out!	Sad
Emily Waltham	Sorry.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything's gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Chicken Kiev?	Scared
Ross Geller	Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!	Joyful
Monica Geller	It's nice.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Oh. Oh.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?	Powerful
Ross Geller	It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.	Peaceful
Emily Waltham	How's it gonna be all right?!	Powerful
Ross Geller	Uh-huh, I see that.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.	Powerful
Ross Geller	What? What?	Scared
Monica Geller	They tore it down a few days early.	Joyful

Joey Tribbiani	All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Really? To what?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	To Put the Camera Away!!!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Man, you are Westminster Crabby.	Mad

Monica Geller	Don't worry. You'll find some place to get married.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oowww!!	Mad
Dressmaker	Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!	Neutral
Emily Waltham	We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!	Mad
Monica Geller	You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!	Joyful
Monica Geller	But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Oh, god... She's told you that already, didn't she?!	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Oh. Oh.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, honey! Don't get up! What do you need?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, no. Oh, nothing.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, I have a wedgie.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Okay, that is all you.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	So-so, what do you want for lunch?	Powerful
Rachel Green	Oh, I don't know. I guess we have to eat.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I do. What's the matter?	Scared
Rachel Green	I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...	Neutral
Rachel Green	Still in love with?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	I'm not in love with Ross!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.	Scared
Rachel Green	Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	We thought you knew!	Peaceful
Rachel Green	We?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!	Powerful
Rachel Green	You all know? Does Ross know?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh no, Ross doesn't know anything.	Scared
Rachel Green	Oh, I can not believe you didn't tell me!	Mad
Phoebe Buffay	Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean." Or, y'know, "Hey, Joey, you're gay."	Powerful
Rachel Green	What?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, please! She's always got a broom in her hand!	Powerful

Joey Tribbiani	Hey!	Neutral
The Vendor	So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Check this out? Huh? Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Well, I like it. Here you go.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, I embarrass you?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you?	Mad
The Vendor	He's just jealous. You'll fit right in; all Londoners wear them!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?	Mad
The Vendor	They're all tourists.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.	Powerful
The Vendor	Good choice.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	How you doin'? Joey Tribbiani, America.	Sad

Emily Waltham	Hello?	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	We don't have to.	Sad
Ross Geller	Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?	Neutral
Emily Waltham	No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.	Sad
Ross Geller	She said what?	Neutral
Emily Waltham	She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."	Scared
Ross Geller	Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.	Mad
Emily Waltham	I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.	Joyful
Ross Geller	I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?	Scared
Emily Waltham	Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.	Scared
Ross Geller	The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.	Scared
Emily Waltham	So what are you saying? It's now or never?	Mad
Ross Geller	No. I'm saying it's now.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Or?	Scared
Ross Geller	There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!	Joyful
Emily Waltham	It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!	Mad
Ross Geller	No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-	Scared

Phoebe Buffay	Ooh! I thought of a good flaw! Ross pops his gum!	Joyful
Rachel Green	Oh, right! Wait a minute, I do that too.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, I know. It drives me crazy.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	I'll get it.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hello.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	So you're not homesick yet?	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	No, I don't think so.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	All right, the seven of us miss you.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Who's seven?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies...	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Ahh, the babies miss me?	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Of course they do! Or I'm just really hungry.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Ooh, the pizza guy's here!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	What? You ordered pizza without me?!	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Two pizzas?!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Wait, well, where did you get it from?!	Powerful

Emily Waltham	Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!	Mad
Monica Geller	You'll see.	Neutral
Emily Waltham	I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.	Mad
Emily Waltham	Oh God.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...	Joyful
Monica Geller	And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.	Powerful
Ross Geller	But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.	Peaceful
Emily Waltham	It's perfect.	Joyful
Ross Geller	And, I don't know, if it starts to rain...	Scared
Emily Waltham	Well then we'll get wet.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ohh. And I don't even have a date.	Sad

Rachel Green	Pheebs?	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Do you remember where the duck food is?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Because I'm going to London.	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	What?! What do you mean you're going to London?	Peaceful
Rachel Green	Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	But what about all the "finding-his-flaws" stuff we've been doing?	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah, that didn't work.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!	Scared
Rachel Green	Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."	Joyful
Rachel Green	Ohh-Do you think he will?!	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	I do! I do! I do! I do! Ugh, like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter.	Joyful

Housekeeper	The Waltham Residence.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.	Neutral
Housekeeper	This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	What are you saying?!	Powerful
Housekeeper	Now, let us try that again, shall we?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	No! Ooh! Oh my god!	Scared
Housekeeper	The Waltham Residence.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?	Neutral
Housekeeper	Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?	Scared
Housekeeper	I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.	Neutral
Phoebe Buffay	Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.	Mad
Housekeeper	Hangs up.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.	Powerful

Monica Geller	Hey.	Neutral
Ross Geller	Hi. Mom. Dad.	Joyful
Judy Geller	Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube.	Sad
Jack Geller	Judy, the kids..	Scared
Judy Geller	Jack, that's what they call the subway.	Peaceful
Jack Geller	Ohh, I thought that you....	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!	Scared
Emily Waltham	Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.	Peaceful
Stephen Waltham	Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.	Joyful
Andrea Waltham	Sorry, what?	Sad
Stephen Waltham	It's the Gellers!	Joyful
Andrea Waltham	Where?	Peaceful
Stephen Waltham	Well there's one and there's another .	Joyful
Andrea Waltham	Lovely to meet you.	Joyful
Stephen Waltham	Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding.	Joyful
Jack Geller	Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we're happy to do it.	Scared
Judy Geller	We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .	Joyful
Monica Geller	Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.	Joyful

Waiter	Sir?	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	What's in it?	Peaceful
Waiter	Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Your different here too. Your mean in England.	Scared
Jack Geller	What the hell!!!	Mad
Ross Geller	what's up, Dad?	Scared
Jack Geller	This bill for my half of the wedding. it's insane.	Powerful
Judy Geller	How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.	Peaceful
Jack Geller	Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.	Mad
Ross Geller	Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?	Peaceful
Jack Geller	And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.	Scared
Judy Geller	Ooh, Jack.... Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	And I'm going to go get drunk.	Sad

Rachel Green	Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. Hi.	Peaceful
Ticket Agent	Hello.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London?	Scared
Ticket Agent	There's one leaving in thirty minutes.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh, good.	Joyful
Ticket Agent	And I do have one seat left.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you.	Joyful
Ticket Agent	The last minute fare on this ticket is twenty seven hundred dollars.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Huh.. How about 600?	Sad
Ticket Agent	Sorry.	Joyful
Rachel Green	How about 600 and these earrings?	Peaceful
Ticket Agent	They prefer it if I don't barter.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh, I just don't think I have enough left on my credit card.	Scared
Ticket Agent	Well you can split it with another credit card.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Ohh, okay, how about five. Ohh, thank you.	Scared
Ticket Agent	I'm just going to need to see your passport.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.	Scared

Ross Geller	Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.	Powerful
Stephen Waltham	Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I go back there with lawn ornaments, he's going to laugh in my face.	Mad
Andrea Waltham	This is ridiculous. I mean we had an agreement. Will you say something, Steven?! Please!!!	Mad
Stephen Waltham	Don't take that tone with me. All-all right you can.	Powerful

Chandler Bing	I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..	Joyful
Andrea Waltham	Hello, Waltham Interiors.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica.	Peaceful
Andrea Waltham	Who is this?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	Oh, I'm Phoebe Buffay. I'm one of Ross's best friends.	Peaceful
Andrea Waltham	Where did you get this number?	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	I got it from your maid. She's a bitch, but I wore her down.	Scared
Andrea Waltham	Well, if you're one of Ross's best friends, why aren't you here?	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	Yeah, um, I can't fly. I'm having my brother's babies.	Peaceful
Andrea Waltham	Oh, am I on the radio?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important.	Scared
Andrea Waltham	No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.	Sad
Phoebe Buffay	Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.	Mad
Chandler Bing	And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?	Scared
Felicity	Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.	Joyful

Monica Geller	I was laughing.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Out loud?	Joyful
Monica Geller	Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	So how are you doing?	Joyful
Monica Geller	My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.	Joyful
Drunk Man	I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, thanks, we like him.	Powerful
Drunk Man	My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him.	Scared
Jack Geller	There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.	Mad
Ross Geller	Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.	Joyful
Jack Geller	All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Then why would he say it?	Mad
Chandler Bing	Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.	Sad
Chandler Bing	Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?	Powerful
Monica Geller	Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!	Peaceful

Rachel Green	Hi, I'm back. Listen, I need to...	Neutral
Ticket Agent	Hello.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.	Neutral
Ticket Agent	Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.	Powerful
Ticket Agent	I can't do that.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".	Scared
Ticket Agent	I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!	Neutral
Ticket Agent	I can't imagine why.	Neutral
Rachel Green	All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!	Powerful

Ross Geller	I'm getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Morning, Ross.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I'm getting married, to..day!!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah you are!!	Joyful
Ross Geller	Ahh, whoo-hoo!!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Do you think he knew I was here?	Scared

Rachel Green	Ohhh.	Neutral
Passenger	Ahh, ahh, excuse me.	Powerful
Rachel Green	Yeah?	Peaceful
Passenger	If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...	Sad

Chandler Bing	Well I've-I've never done that with you before.	Scared
Monica Geller	Nope.	Scared
Chandler Bing	So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?	Scared
Monica Geller	Yep, yep...You?	Scared
Chandler Bing	Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You? We did you.	Scared
Monica Geller	Well...I'd better get going.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh yea yea, absolutely.	Joyful
Monica Geller	Could you not look?	Scared
Chandler Bing	I don't want to look.	Scared

Joey Tribbiani	Hello?	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Hey, were the hell have you been?!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	I don't want to hear about her!!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Ahh Pheebs, you know you're still my number one girl.	Scared
Phoebe Buffay	No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Ohh great!!!	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	But, he loves Emily?	Joyful
Phoebe Buffay	I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay.	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	All right, so, okay...	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hold on. Hold on. Rachel coming. Do...Something.	Peaceful
Phoebe Buffay	Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Right!	Powerful
Phoebe Buffay	So tell me about this girl?	Joyful

Rachel Green	...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...	Powerful
Passenger	Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.	Mad
Rachel Green	Ehh, pardon me?	Mad
Passenger	You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.	Peaceful
Rachel Green	But he has to know how I feel!	Scared
Passenger	But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.	Neutral
Rachel Green	Well I-I think your wrong.	Peaceful
Passenger	Oh-no.	Mad
Rachel Green	Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!	Powerful
Passenger	Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.	Neutral

Joey Tribbiani	Do something..... Something....	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Hey.	Neutral
Chandler Bing	Hey.	Neutral
Joey Tribbiani	Have you seen Monica?	Neutral
Chandler Bing	I'm not seeing Monica.	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	What?	Scared
Chandler Bing	What?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Look we've got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel's coming to tell Ross she loves him!!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh my god!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	I know! That's why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?	Scared
Chandler Bing	No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!	Peaceful

Judy Geller	Oh my God! It's like a fairyland.	Joyful
Andrea Waltham	I know, it's horrible isn't it?	Powerful
Monica Geller	Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.	Peaceful
Judy Geller	I just hope...	Joyful
Monica Geller	You can let some of them go by!	Mad
Joey Tribbiani	Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.	Scared
Monica Geller	Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Okay.	Neutral
Ross Geller	I do. I do. I do.	Scared
Chandler Bing	Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.	Joyful
Ross Geller	Really?	Scared

Felicity	Hello Joey.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Felicity.	Peaceful
Felicity	Umm, I thought about you all day.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Yeah.	Peaceful
Felicity	Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Fuggetaboutit. How you doin?	Peaceful
Felicity	Mmm.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Oh, yeah.	Peaceful
Judy Geller	There's nothing to discuss. We're not paying for your wine cellar.	Peaceful
Stephen Waltham	You-you have to meet me in the middle here.	Peaceful
Jack Geller	Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.	Mad
Ross Geller	Dad!!	Scared
Emily Waltham	What-what's going on?!	Scared
Ross Geller	Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.	Powerful
Stephen Waltham	You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? You want a piece of me?	Mad
Ross Geller	Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!	Mad
Jack Geller	Okay, okay.	Scared
Stephen Waltham	Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I could kill you with my thumb, you know.	Mad
Emily Waltham	What was all that about?	Scared
Ross Geller	It was...This disagreement over... My god. You...you look beautiful.	Joyful
Emily Waltham	Ohh... Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It's bad luck.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	You know what, I think we've had all the bad luck we're going to have.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	My God. Rachel! Your here. I can't believe it. What happen? Why are you here?	Joyful
Rachel Green	Well I just came... I just needed to tell you... Congratulations.	Peaceful

Monica Geller	You really think this is okay?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.	Powerful
Monica Geller	Okay!	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Okay!	Neutral
Ross Geller	Emily?!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Nope, not under here!	Peaceful
Monica Geller	You didn't find her?	Scared
Ross Geller	No, I've looked everywhere!	Scared
Chandler Bing	Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!	Joyful
Monica Geller	Yeah, I think you should keep looking!	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, for about 30 minutes.	Neutral
Monica Geller	Or 45.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.	Peaceful
Ross Geller	No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Well, it's getting late.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, we're gonna go.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?	Peaceful
Monica Geller	Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, it's a very large plane.	Powerful
Ross Geller	That's cool.	Powerful
Chandler Bing	But, we'll stay here with you.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.	Joyful

Chandler Bing	We have to leave for New York in an hour.	Peaceful
Monica Geller	I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?	Scared
Chandler Bing	We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.	Scared
Ross Geller	Em-Emily? Em-Emily? Emily!	Scared
Stephen Waltham	No.	Scared
Andrea Waltham	You can forget about Emily, she's not with us.	Powerful
Stephen Waltham	We've come for her things.	Scared
Ross Geller	Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?	Scared
Stephen Waltham	She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.	Mad
Andrea Waltham	We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.	Joyful
Stephen Waltham	Excuse me, I'm standing right here!	Powerful
Andrea Waltham	Oh yes, there you are.	Joyful
Rachel Green	Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...	Joyful
Stephen Waltham	Goodbye Geller.	Powerful
Ross Geller	Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.	Mad
Stephen Waltham	All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!	Joyful
Andrea Waltham	Call me.	Joyful
Stephen Waltham	You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!	Mad

Monica Geller	Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.	Joyful
Chandler Bing	Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.	Joyful
Monica Geller	I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	'Kay!	Powerful
Joey Tribbiani	Can I ask you something?	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Uhh, no.	Sad
Joey Tribbiani	Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?	Joyful
Chandler Bing	No.	Joyful
Joey Tribbiani	I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?	Powerful
Chandler Bing	Yes.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Thanks man.	Peaceful
Chandler Bing	Okay man.	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	But what about how much taller he is than me?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?	Scared
Joey Tribbiani	Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.	Scared
Monica Geller	I know!	Peaceful
Joey Tribbiani	Had the beef-tips, huh?	Powerful

Rachel Green	Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot	Neutral
Air Hostess	Okay.	Neutral
Rachel Green	And uh, he will have a white wine spritzer.	Neutral
Air Hostess	Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?	Joyful
Rachel Green	All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!	Scared
