M	Hey, what's up?	neu
F	Guess what came today?	exc
M	What?	exc
F	My acceptance letter.	exc
M	Get out.	sur
F	From U.S.C..	exc
M	You serious?	sur
F	Yes, I am.	exc
M	Oh, my god what happened.  You got in. Otherwise you wouldn't be so happy. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
F	Well yeah, that's the general idea. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	That's awesome.  Congratulations.	exc
F	Big bad acceptance packet with all the information.  I'm going to U.S.C..	exc
M	That's amazing.  Wow.	exc
F	I know. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	You're going to have to get like a nine millimeter because U.S.C.'s like in South Central.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] Yeah, uh. No.	exc
F	[LAUGHTER] It's safe around there.	exc
M	No, seriously. No, seriously, you should do it.	xxx
F	The campus is beautiful. I'm so excited.	exc
M	I know but you should get like a taser or something.  I mean walking around the campus at night-	neu
F	Do you want to buy me some mace for my, you know, going away present?	exc
M	I'll get you- I'll get you a bottle of mace.	xxx
F	There we go.  Perfect.	exc
M	And a taser and a knife.	xxx
F	And a taser.  Excellent.  Just make sure it's a big knife.	exc
M	And you'll be fully loaded.	xxx
F	I don't want any of those little puny ones.	exc
M	So, um- so what are you going to- what are you going to major in?	neu
F	Well I was thinking maybe underwater basket weaving.	exc
M	Underwater basket weaving, my god.	xxx
F	U.S.C. has a major in that, right.	exc
M	They have- they have that	xxx
F	They have - U.S.C. has everything because U.S.C. is the best school ever.	exc
M	they have that as a major?	neu
M	That's ridiculous.  I don't believe that.	neu
F	Okay.  Well I'm lying but-	exc
M	Seriously, what's your major?	neu
F	Well, I haven't decided yet.  I want to try some things out.	exc
M	So you're undecided?	neu
F	Yeah.	xxx
M	Hey, that's cool.	neu
F	I know 'cause then I can do whatever I want, right.  I can try classes in this and then try classes in that and then pick whatever I like best.	xxx
M	No, no.  It's totally cool.  I mean, like, this friend of mine he was- he's been undecided now for, like, the past like eleven years of his life.	neu
F	okay.  Well I'm not going to be undecided forever. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Uh, well-	neu
F	And it's so close so you can come visit me all the time.	exc
M	You- you- you'll find.	neu
M	Yeah, I know.  That's right. Yeah, yeah. Because I live in LA.	xxx
F	Right.	xxx
M	and I like living in LA.	xxx
F	So this works out perfectly.  Because I was worried if I didn't get in to U.S.C., then I would have to go somewhere far away and then-	exc
M	You'd have to, like go somewhere else, and, you know, we would be apart, and that would suck.	neu
F	I would miss you.	xxx
F	Yeah. But now we don't have to.	xxx
M	Right.	xxx
F	Everything worked out perfectly.	exc
M	That's awesome.	exc
F	I know.  We should have a party.	exc
M	We should have a party.	xxx
F	An I got accepted to U.S.C. party.	exc
M	You got accepted-what?  to a U.S.C. party?	xxx
F	No.  An I got accepted to U.S.C. party. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Oh, that's right. Okay, I see. Right, right, right.	neu
M	A party celebrating your acceptance.	neu
F	Right.  Now you're with me.	exc
M	That's cool.	neu
F	That is why I got accepted.	exc
M	Well, that's really cool that you're going to be staying in the same city and everything. so umm	exc
F	I know.	exc
M	I don't know are you, like, I don't know.  Are you, like, available or anything?	neu
F	[LAUGHTER] Are you asking me on a date?	xxx
M	Well I mean I don't know.  It's like you know I kind of had a crush on you throughout high school and, like	exc
M	I don't know I just thought that, you know, maybe we could, you know, I don't know.  It's like, you know, just test the waters anyway.  I don't see what the problem is.	exc
F	What- what did you have in mind?	exc
M	Movies- movie, we'll go to a movie and a dinner and- and	exc
M	actually, you know, there's this- there's this really cool restaurant, um, I don't know if you-  it's Red Lobster.  It's like down on	exc
F	[LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Vermont.	exc
F	You just did not ask me on a date to Red Lobster.	xxx
M	Wait, you've been there before?	exc
F	On occasion I've heard of it.	exc
M	Oh, so well then you know that it's awesome.	exc
F	Yeah.  Totally.	exc
M	Right, so we'll go there and then- and then we'll get some ice cream and maybe we'll go putt-putt golfing.	exc
F	I am totally down with the ice cream.	exc
M	Okay.  Putt-putt golfing?	neu
F	Eh, we can work that part out.	exc
M	Yeah, you want to go.  No, you want to go. You want to go.	exc
F	Alright.	exc
M	I can see it in your eyes.  You want to go.	exc
F	I think that'd be really fun actually.	xxx
M	Yeah.  So we'll do that and then- and then- and then tomorrow we'll have your	xxx
F	party.	exc
M	your I got into U.S.C. graduate party. Yeah.	xxx
F	Well look at that.  What a great day.  I got into college and I got asked out on a date.	xxx
M	Good. Alright we're so happy.	exc
F	Yay for me.	xxx
M	That's right.  Um, so U.S.C. is a really nice school.	exc
F	I know.	exc
M	Are you going to take out loans or-	neu
F	Okay well that's not a happy part.  We don't want to talk about that.	exc
M	Well hey, it's okay, fine, gees.	xxx
F	Well no.  I mean I have some scholarships and some financial aid and stuff but I'll have to, you know, I'll get a job	exc
F	while I'm in school.  It'll be good.	exc
M	Sweet.	xxx
F	Yeah.  It will work out.  Maybe I could work at Red Lobster.	exc
M	Well, it's not far.	xxx
F	I know.  Right down the street.	exc
M	That's right.  There's lots of like, there's lots of doughnut shops, like, everywhere.	xxx
F	Right, there's always that option. The doughnut thing.	xxx
M	I mean There's pretty much doughnut shops everywhere in LA.	xxx
F	Right	xxx
M	But, um-	neu
F	and like most places really.	xxx
M	I mean, like, I don't know.  I'm just saying if you need to make some extra cash.  You can, you know	neu
F	Work at a doughnut shop.	xxx
M	Or library.	neu
F	Maybe on campus, I hear they have jobs on campus.	xxx
M	I just said the library	neu
M	or, um, campus cruiser.  You can drive people around.	neu
F	Excellent.  Drive drunk people around because you know that's all campus cruisers for.	exc
M	Right or you can run for student counsel.	neu
F	Okay.  No, that's dorky.	exc
M	Dorky?	neu
F	Yeah.	exc
M	It's important.	neu
F	Student counsel?	exc
M	Yes.	xxx
F	No, it's dorky.	exc
M	Fine.  It's dorky.	neu
F	Social life.  Hello.	exc
M	But that'll fit you  because you're a dork.	neu
F	[LAUGHTER].	exc
M	[LAUGHTER].	xxx
M	[LAUGHTER].	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER].	exc
M	I dork.	exc
F	No.  But I'm thinking I might, you know, like audition for a play or something.  I don't really want to do the sorority thing.  I'm not really feeling that vibe with the	exc
M	Yeah, you don't want to do the sorority thing because you'll probably get used and abused by	neu
F	ditsy valley girls and	xxx
F	lots of money and	xxx
M	lots of drunk frat boys	neu
F	Right.	xxx
M	Yeah.	neu
M	But, hey. They have- they have- they have free, uh	xxx
F	What have you heard about the Greek system?	exc
M	free buffets and free events.	xxx
F	Free nothing. 'Cause you have to pay tons of money anyway.	xxx
M	I mean it's not really free because you have to pay for it, but yeah.	neu
M	Well do you think you're going to live on campus or off campus your first year?	neu
F	I think I'll live on campus the first year cause you  meet more people that way, right?	xxx
M	Oh, yeah? In a dorm?	xxx
F	Well, yeah.  I mean that's where you meet people, right.  Everybody lives in the dorms, right.	xxx
M	I hate to break this to you but you meet people by being cool, so-	neu
F	Oh, oh, I'm sorry, my bad.  I'll have to, like, sign up for summer lessons from you before I go.  You can teach me how to be cool before I go to college.	exc
M	No, no, no.  You're right though.  I mean, you know, dorms are definitely the way to meet people.  I know that I was in an apartment off campus	neu
M	and I mean, you know, I knew my roommates and stuff but I there wasn't really that sense of community-	xxx
F	Right.	xxx
M	that happened, you know, that was going on.	neu
F	So basically what you're saying is that I was right	xxx
M	I was just joking.  Gosh.  You don't have to take everything so- so seriously.	xxx
F	I'm- I'm right, right.	xxx
M	Yes, you're right.	xxx
F	That's what you're saying. I'm right. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	All hail to the	xxx
F	me.	exc
M	to you, yes.	xxx

M	What time is it?  They're supposed to run around midnight.  This is great, isn't it?  Look at this night we've got here; couldn't be better.	xxx
M	Actually, I wanted to go a little farther up the coast, get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid we'd miss it.  How you doing?	exc
F	Fine.	neu
M	Is that, is that - is that just foam?  I can't even tell.  Although, if you can't tell, it's probably isn't them.  It'll probably be unmistakable, don't you think?	exc
M	How you doing?  Oh, no, you know what I did?  I forgot to bring my flashlight.  How could I be so stupid?  I should have brought my flashlight.	exc
F	What flashlight?	xxx
M	The flashlight; the silver one.  There's only one, isn't there?	xxx
F	It's not yours.	ang
M	Whose is it?	neu
F	It's ours.  It's mine, too.	ang
M	Well, sure.	fru
F	You kept saying my flashlight as if it's somehow just yours.  How is that supposed to make me feel?	ang
M	No, of course, our flashlight; yours and mine.  Me flashlight es su flashlight, naturally.  How could we not think to bring it?  I hope the moon stays out.	xxx
M	I wonder, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year.  Remember?	exc
F	Yes.	ang
M	Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.	neu
M	Oh, man.  This is great.  I didn't even think to bring a six pack.  Six pack would be just the ticket right about now.  I can't believe I forgot.  I'm like a kid.  It's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.  Oh.	xxx
M	I wonder if they can hear me talk or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around.	xxx
F	I'm cold.	xxx
M	You want my jacket?	neu
F	It's after eleven; let's go home.	ang
M	Are you kidding?  We'd miss it.  We just got here.  What's the point of coming down here if we just turn around and go home?	fru
F	There is no point in coming down here.	ang
M	Right.	neu
F	That's my point.	fru
M	That's my point, too.	neu
F	So let's go home.	ang
M	No, no, no.  That's not my point.  My point is is that there's no point in coming down here if we just leave.  Don't you want to see it?	fru
F	Not particularly.	fru
M	Why not?	xxx
F	I just don't.  It's stupid.	ang
M	Honey, this is a natural phenomenon.  I mean, this only happens once a year.  It's a great opportunity.  Think about the people in Kansas.  They'd have to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to come see this.  We're just forty minutes away.  It's too good to pass up.	exc
F	Pass up what?  These little fish swim onto the beach, flop around and then they swim away.  And then they die.	ang
M	Yeah, but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives.  I mean, all that flopping around is laying eggs or what do you -- spawning or mating, something like that.	fru
M	There's mystery here and magic.	exc
F	What are you so excited about?	neu
M	Oh, it's a big night for these guys.  Uh, life's last orgy.	exc
F	This isn't a moon landing we're talking about.  It's fish.  It's fish nobody even eats.	fru
M	Yeah, they do. Okay.  But it's fish who do something none of the other fish do; like the swallows are returning to Capistrano; or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs, like that.	exc
M	There's mystery here and magic; a little bit of the unexplainable.  I don't see how you can not be interested.	exc
F	I'm just not.	fru
M	For real?	sur
F	Yes.	ang
M	I don't get it.  First time we came here to see it, you said it was the best night of your life.  And last year, I remember distinctly you were so excited to get here, you stubbed your toe rushing me out the door and didn't even notice until we were in the car.	xxx
F	Last year, you will also remember, our shoes got wet.  I got sand in my panties.  We got into a big fight over nothing.  You got a sore throat and we did not see the grunions.	ang
M	We weren't in a good spot.	xxx
F	We didn't see them the first time either.	fru
M	We just weren't in a good spot.  This is a much better spot.  I've got good instincts for these things.  Look there.  What's that?  Is that -	xxx
M	no, it's just seaweed, isn't it?  Oh, man, this is great.  I wouldn't miss this for anything.  I mean, think about this.  I know you're not interested, but just think about this for a minute.	exc
M	Out there someplace is this huge mass of silver fish heading this way.  They don't know why.  We don't know why.  It wasn't a decision.  They didn't take a vote.  No one sent them an invitation or a map;	exc
M	just some little instinctual time release firecracker went off in their little bodies and all as one, they turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.	exc
M	They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.  It's single mindedness with no mind.  Urgency that's pure urge.	exc
M	They don't know what drives them.  They don't give it a name or ask a question.  They just turn, as one, and start the swim that brings them here; to this place, where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.  Oh, man, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  All my hairs are popping up.	exc
F	That's the wind.	fru
M	Well so what did you think?	exc
F	About what?	fru

F	Hi, um, excuse me, I believe that the airline lost my baggage.	neu
M	Um, okay, it didn't--didn't come out on the carrousel--	neu
F	No, it didn't. um It didn't come out and I don't see it anywhere around here, so what can you do about that?	neu
M	Okay.  Um, well, unfortunately yeah there was a some- some problems with the--	neu
F	Some problems?  What is that supposed to mean?	sur
M	Uh, well some-some of the bags were--were lost on the way over here. uh-	neu
F	How do you lose a suitcase?  A huge suitcase?	sur
M	You know, I mean, there's a lot of things that go on under the plane and sometimes, you know, that kind of things happen.	neu
M	Uh, But, we are willing to reimburse you for the bag and and for the contents--	neu
F	How much?	neu
M	Um, we'd be willing to give you uh fifty dollars for--	neu
F	Fifty dollars?  For my suitcase?  I mean, the suitcase itself was like a hundred and fifty dollar just for the suitcase, but all the things inside, all my clothes, all my personal belongings, the sentimental value, not to mention, which is more-more than all of that together.	sur
M	Right.  Uh We realize, you know, that that it's a bad situation, but I'm sorry, there's nothing that we can really do.	neu
F	That's all, that's all, that's all you're going to do is just give me fifty dollars and say go have fun on your vacation without any of your stuff?	ang
M	I think, um, maybe you can file a claim if you want and turn it in to our main office--	neu
F	Yes, yes, I would like to file a claim, but what are you gonna--I mean, is it just gonna show up magically out of nowhere?	fru
M	Right.  No.  I mean they- they might--they might--if you-if you are argue the case more, maybe they'll reimburse you more, but, right now--	neu
F	I need my stuff.  It's--I need my stuff.  I mean, uh...	xxx
F	Haven't you ever lost baggage?  I mean isn't there anything else you do?	xxx
M	Yes, I know. I know-. It's It's frustrating.  Unfortunately though-- um	neu
F	Because you don't seem to care very much, you know.	ang
M	By checking your bags, you--you, you know- admit to the liability that's- that's at risk--	neu
F	I didn't sign anything.	fru
M	Right, well, by checking in your bags, you agreed to, you know, at the will of the--	neu
F	I didn't agree.  [GARBAGE] I paid the airline to take care of things for me.  When you pay for something, there should be some sort of guarantee that it's gonna come through.	xxx
M	You paid for the flight and then your bags were checked at--it's a service that the airline provides for us.  So so, really, it's really the risk was taken and, I'm sorry, but there's really nothing else we can do.  So do you want--do you want the reimbursement?	neu
F	[BREATHING] Well, sure, yeah, I guess I'll go buy dinner and then be--have nothing for the rest of my entire vacation.  I'm supposed to be here for three weeks.  What am I gonna do without anything for three weeks?	fru
M	Well, there are-there are some shops here in- in the airport--	neu
F	But fifty dollars isn't going to get me anything.	fru
M	No, um, like I said you can file a claim and, uh, maybe get reimbursed for more-- you	neu
F	Isn't there anything else you can do?	fru
M	probably even talk to--	neu
F	I mean, is there somebody you can call?  Or the guy that put the stuff on the--on the plane.  I mean, are they--they must be really irresponsible to have just disappeared my baggage.  I mean, did it get stolen?	fru
M	Right, that--that gets taken care of-- That gets taken care of.  We get we do, you know, we investigate those and just make sure that um- they're not doing their own thing with them so--uh	neu
F	Yeah, I'm sure you -- You're like, hmm, do you take baggage?  No.  Oh, okay, thanks.  Great.  I mean how--	fru
M	but Unfortunately sometimes is--	neu
M	Well, that's--that's what I'm saying--	neu
F	There needs to be better security here.	fru
M	Okay.  Well that that could be something that you put on on the claim--on on the complaint form if you want.  And provide us with your information while you're here and then, maybe, if it turns up, then we'll send it right over.	neu
F	It sounds like it's such a little like oh well no big deal whatever.  It's a big deal to me.	ang
M	All right, Miss, I-I know.  I realize this. But Like I said, there are several people that are in your same situation, so, um, it's not--it's not totally uncommon and I'm actually gonna have to ask you to move so I can help the next person.	neu
F	Well, can I at least have my fifty dollars, please?	fru
M	Yes, all right.  There you go, now you can file a claim over to the left--And they'll help you out.	neu
F	Thank you.	xxx
F	Thank you very much.	fru

M	[LAUGHTER]	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] Utterly, utterly ridiculous.	xxx
M	We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	Very much sillier.	xxx
M	Mmhmm.	xxx
M	However, I do believe the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	xxx
F	Oh you knew there was nothing in that.	xxx
M	I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.	xxx
F	Presents? It was a trivial little broach.	sur
M	It was bristling with diamonds in the worst possible taste.	xxx
F	Not at all. It was very pretty. I still wear it often.	xxx
M	You sent out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	xxx
F	I did not you worked whole thing up in your jealous imagination.	xxx
M	Well, you let him kiss you.  You said you did.	xxx
F	Well, what of it?	neu
M	What of it?	xxx
F	It gave him a lot, a great deal of pleasure and it didn't hurt me.	xxx
M	And what about me?	xxx
F	If you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey you'd never known a thing about it.	xxx
M	That's a nice point of view I must say.	xxx
F	I'm bored with this conversation.	xxx
M	So am I.  I'm bored stiff.  You want some brandy?	xxx
F	No, thank you.	neu
M	I'll have a little, I think.	neu
F	I don't see why you want any you already had two glasses.	ang
M	Oh, you know no particular reason besides they are very small glasses.	neu
F	I just think it's silly you know to go on and on and on about such a thing.	xxx
M	You can hardly call three glasses of liquor in a whole evening going on and on and on.	xxx
F	I just, I just think it's becoming a habit with you.	xxx
M	Hmm.  Well, you needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want any at the moment, okay?	xxx
F	Do be quiet.	xxx
M	Really, Amanda.	fru
F	Don't be stupid, what?	ang
M	Nothing.	fru
M	Are you going out somewhere dear?	neu
F	No, darling I'm just making myself fascinating for you.	xxx
M	That reply has broken my heart.	xxx
F	Well it's a woman's duty to allure the man. Watch me a minute will you?	ang
M	As matter the fact that's perfectly true.	xxx
F	Oh no, it isn't.	xxx
M	Yes, it is.	xxx
F	Don't be stupid, shut up.	xxx
M	You know, it's a pity you didn't have any more brandy. It would have made you just a little less disagreeable.	ang
F	Oh, well that's funny.  It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.	xxx
M	You know what?  You snap, you snap, you snap you're like a little adder.	ang
F	Adders don't snap, they sting.	xxx
M	Nonsense.  They have a bag of venom behind of fangs and they snap.	ang
F	They sting.	ang
F	I don't care.  I don't care, do you understand?  I don't mind if they bark and they roll about like hoops.	ang
M	Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	ang
F	Yes, I did quite a lot.	ang
M	I suppose you let him just kiss you or good deal more than too.	ang
F	Oh, mind you own business.	ang
M	I suppose you two had a riotous time, huh?  No restrain at all, very enjoyable, he never had much any how.	ang
F	You're quite insufferable, I expect it's because you're drunk.	ang
M	I am not in the least bit drunk.	ang
F	You always had a weak head.	ang
M	I think I told you once before that I had three minute liquor glasses the whole evening long.  A Child of two cannot get drunk on that.	ang
F	On the contrary, a child two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.	ang
M	Oh very, very interesting Amanda.  How about the child of uh... four, six or maybe nine---you know, we could work up a splendid little debate about it, you know?  Intemperate tots.	ang
F	Shut up.	ang
F	Not very funny darling.  Why don't you have some more brandy?	ang
M	That's a very good idea I think I will.	ang
M	Would you uh...turn that off please? You're going to wake the people upstairs.	ang
F	Why?	ang
F	There are no people upstairs. It's a photographer's studio.	xxx
M	Well then you'll wake the people downstairs.	ang
F	They are away in Tunis.	ang
M	This is no time a year for Tunis.	ang
F	Turn it on again, please.	ang
M	I will do no such thing.	ang
F	Very well if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.	ang
M	Turn it off. It's driving me mad.	ang
F	I won't.	ang
M	Turn it off.	ang
F	Stop it. No. Go away.	ang
M	Amanda listen. Listen.	ang
F	listen Oh I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you damn sadistic bully.	ang
M	That's very amusing indeed.	ang
F	Oh you're cruel you're...you're...I hate you, I hate you. Go away. You're conceited. You're overbearing. You're utterly impossible.	ang
M	You...You're an evil minded, self-centered little wench and I never want to see you again.	ang
F	This is the end do you hear me?  Finally and forever.	ang
M	You're not going like this.	ang
F	Oh yes I am...Oh yes I am. Let go of me. You let go. You...urgh...You're a cruel friend. I loathe and I hate you. Marry you again...Ha...Never, never, never, never. I hope you die in torment. You beast.	ang
M	No you're not.	ang
M	Shut up. Shut up. I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling back to me on a bended knee. You are an evil tempered little vampire and I never want to see you again as long as I live.	ang

M	Hello.  This is Viacom Services.  How can I help you?	neu
F	Hello?  God finally somebody, look, this is ridiculous.  I've been waiting online for like a half an hour now.	fru
M	I'm sorry ma'am, what can I help you with?	neu
F	Look my, my phone isn't working.  I don't understand what's going on.  I am trying to call out.  I'm not receiving any calls	fru
F	and I need assistance with my...not only is my work phone, it's my home phone and look,	fru
F	this is my business.  This is how I make money is through my phone.  It needs to be working.  Can you please help me?	fru
M	Okay.  Can you give me the last four digits of your social security number so I can verify who I'm speaking with?	neu
F	two two six six.	neu
M	Okay.  And your name is?	neu
F	Olivia.	fru
M	Olivia. Um. Okay.  So how long has this problem been?	neu
F	This has been going on for the past two weeks.  I called every single day.  Nobody is helping me.  You guys tell me the same thing over and over, call again, call again, call again--	fru
M	So what exactly is the problem?	neu
F	I don't, I don't know what the problem is.  That's what I want you guys to...why is my service not turned on?  And I paid my bills on time.  I don't understand.	fru
M	Um- I think part of it has to do with the network being down.  It's been having some trouble the last few weeks--	neu
F	Okay.  Well that is, that is fine and all.  I don't care.  I really don't care because I want my phone to work that's all.	fru
F	That is I am paying you guys for service and I'm not getting any service.  I get, I get just dropped calls all the time and now it's completely not working at all.  I can't even call out, nine one one probably wouldn't even work.	fru
M	I understand--we're not-	neu
M	No.  Okay.  We're not charging you for any of these months.  We're going to give you three months free.	neu
F	Well you better.  You better give me a whole freaking new phone that's what you better do.	fru
M	We can give you a new phone--	neu
F	I want a camera phone actually.	fru
M	We can do that.  We can do that.  You just have to sign a one-year contract though with the--	neu
F	No, no, no...  I'm done with these contract business because this is what can happen.	fru
F	You sign the contract and then down the line the phone doesn't work and you're stuck, you can't go to a new...no.  No contracts for me.  You give me a new phone.	ang
M	Besides, it's sort of out of hands at the moment----The whole electrical power outage.	fru
F	I want to talk to a supervisor	ang
F	I would like to talk to your supervisor.  Obviously you're incompetent and don't understand what I'm asking.	ang
M	Um- Let me connect you to my supervisor.  Actually, he's out right now so I'm supervisor until he comes back. Um-	neu
F	What?	fru
M	So you could----speak with me some more, you could call back later on maybe.	neu
F	That's ridiculous.  You know?	fru
F	No I don't want to call back, you put me on hold for like hours and hours----and it's money, money, money, money and out of my pocket, out of my pocket--	fru
M	I didn't put you on hold.	fru
M	There are a lot of people calling us having problems.  Every phone company is having the same problems ma'am	fru
F	Every phone...every single phone company?	fru
M	Mmm hmmm.  Mmm hmmm.  The power outages, everything, hurricane Katrina. Everything's really messed up.	neu
F	This is ridiculous.Well what are we supposed to do?  We starve then because I can't use my phone cause	ang
F	I am a realtor and this is my business.  People are calling me all the time but you know, and I don't have a land line.  I can't afford to have a land line	ang
M	don't you-	neu
M	I'm really sorry ma'am.  There's not----a lot we can do for it.	neu
F	That you better be sorry.	ang
F	Well you're not helping me at all.  God this is so frustrating.	fru
M	What I can do for you, if you want to make a call right now I could contact you through our computer.  I can call through my phone and you can speak through me.	neu
F	What?  No.  That's way too complicated.  Look--	fru
F	you need to fix my phone.  I don't care what you have to do--	fru
M	I'm sorry it has to do with an electrical power outage and stuff--	neu
F	Well then go up the freaking pole and fix it like, you need to help me.  You don't understand I'm in dire, dire need of a phone right now.	xxx
M	Well, okay I'm going to give you a free phone card that you can use at any payphone and that's on us. Okay?	neu
F	Yeah yeah, woman going out in South Central on the payphone at night.  Oh that's real safe.	fru
M	I'm, I'm sorry you chose to live there um--	neu
F	No, no, no.  I didn't choose to live here.  I work there.  Okay?  Yeah. work work work	fru
M	Well I'm sure maybe there's a phone at work you could use.	neu
F	We can't call out.  We can't make out-- line.  I don't work, I work at another office.	fru
F	A law firm.  Thank you very much.	fru
M	All right um--	neu
F	I work out of my home as a realtor and because I don't have a land line, I need a phone and because of now I don't have one I don't know what to do.  And you're not helping me at all.	fru
F	In fact, give me your name sir, what's your name again?	fru
M	My name is Sara.	neu
F	Okay.  Sara what?	fru
M	Sara Brown.	neu
F	Sara Brown.  Sara Brown, um- yeah, I'm going to get off the phone with you. And then I'm going to call back and I'm going to give your supervisor your name because you're obviously incompetent to work here.	fru
M	You know maam, we record this conversation so anything you say can be proven in a law of court so keep that in mind.	neu
F	What are you, what are you a police officer now?  You know, like I'm done, I'm over it.  Goodbye and I hope that you lose your job.	fru

M	Hey, you stupid dumb shit machine, give me a fucking operator, huh?	ang
F	Hello sir, can I help you?	neu
M	Yeah, I've been on the-with the machine for like thirty minutes--	xxx
M	trying to get an answer, and no one's given me an answer.  So what are you going to do about it?	xxx
F	I [GARBAGE]	neu
F	Yes, sir, I'm very sorry, but we've had some trouble here.  There's been a lot of calls and the system has-	neu
M	Fuck, do you think I have all day?  Jesus	xxx
F	Sir, please calm down.  There's no reason to use profanity like that.  It's not-	neu
M	Fine, sorry.  Okay, my phone's been on the fritz for like three days.  I can't get any incoming calls. What- What is going on?	fru
F	Okay, and this is for Verizon? Your provider?	neu
M	Yeah.	xxx
F	Well, um- we have a little problem with the system going on.  One of our satellites is down, and I-	neu
M	You know what?  I'm just going to- Patient?  I'm a busy man.	ang
F	You're going to have to just be patient with us, sir, as we	neu
F	Well, I know sir, and we all are busy.	neu
F	But I'm going to definitely have to- uh--get your contact information	neu
M	-have to, have to what?	ang
M	What?  It's my phone.  You can't even call me on it. I don't have another phone.	ang
F	Okay, well, if you would like, um- we will be turning on the systems in probably about ten hours.	neu
M	What?  Are you kidding me?	ang
F	Sir, I'm very sorry, but this is the way it is.  This- We have no control over it.  It's going to take-  -but you have to be patient with us.  You can use a calling card.  We will give you a free calling card to use.	neu
M	Oh, my God.	ang
M	I- I'm going to kill myself right now.	ang
M	A free calling card?	ang
F	Do you have a land line, sir?	neu
M	No, I don't have a land line.	xxx
F	Okay, well, we will send you- We will reimburse you for the amount of minutes that you-	neu
F	-on average would use.	neu
M	That's it? Okay, yeah.  What else?	ang
F	And we will probably send you a calling card.  I'm very sorry.  You're just going to have to be patient, sir.	neu
M	Okay, I need more than this.  Are you going to give me a little bit more?	ang
F	No, we don't just give you things.  We're- we're-	neu
F	we compensating you for all your-	neu
M	So you take things from me and you expect me just to wait around.	fru
F	No no, we're not taking anything from you sir.  This is- This is unbeknownst to us.  The problem had just happened.	fru
F	The satellite-is down in your area.	fru
M	Okay, so you think you're going to-  -get me back some minutes, and that's going to make up for three days of business that I lost?  Okay, great.	fru
F	No, three days, sir.  It's not three days. It's- It's only been about a day now. Let's not exaggerate.	fru
M	No, it's been--three days.	fru
M	Fine, it's been a day.  Okay?	fru
F	Three days?	neu
F	A day?	neu
M	A day's worth of business.  You know how much I make in a day?	xxx
F	I don't know, sir.	neu
M	About three million dollars.	neu
F	Oh, well, I'm sorry about that. Umm- We-	neu
M	So, you're going to give me back ten dollars worth of minutes--	xxx
M	-to make up the three million dollars.	xxx
F	Well, ten hours worth of minutes--	neu
F	is what's going to happen.	neu
M	Ten hours? So, basically, a day's worth of minutes which I pay forty dollars a month from it.	xxx
F	Sir,	neu
M	So you're giving me a dollar back.	xxx
F	what I would like what I'm advising you to do now is just to write down all of your problems that you-you feel that--You know, haven't been addressed, fax it to us-	neu
M	Oh, my God.	fru
F	and we will take care of it if anything happens.  But all we can do now is ask for your patience.	neu
F	Okay? Thank you for calling.  Goodbye.	neu

F	What's he gonna say?  Maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.	xxx
M	He saw it.	xxx
F	How could he see it?  I was the first one up, he was still in bed.	xxx
M	He was out here when it broke.	xxx
F	When?	xxx
M	About four this morning.  I heard it cracking and I woke up and looked out. He was standing right here when it cracked.	xxx
F	What was he doing out here at four in the morning?	xxx
M	I don't know.  When it cracked, he ran back in the house and cried in the kitchen.	xxx
F	Did you talk to him?	sad
M	No.  I thought it was best to leave him alone.	xxx
F	He cried hard?	sad
M	I could hear him right through the floor of my room.	xxx
F	What was he doing out here at that hour?	sad
F	He's dreaming about him again.  He's walking around at night.	xxx
M	I guess he is.	xxx
F	He's getting just like after he died.  What is the meaning of that?	xxx
M	I don't know the meaning of it.  But, I know one thing Mom, we made a terrible mistake with Dad.	xxx
F	What?	xxx
M	Being dishonest with him.  I mean, that sort of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.	xxx
F	What you mean dishonest?	xxx
M	You know that Larry's not coming back and I know it.  Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?	xxx
F	What do you want to do argue with him?	fru
M	No, I don't want to argue with him, but it's about time he realized that nobody believes Larry's alive anymore?	xxx
M	Why shouldn't he dream of him and walk the nights waiting for him?  Do we contradict him?  Do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore?  That we haven't had hope for years now?	ang
F	You can't say that to him.	fru
M	We've got to say it to him.	fru
F	Can you prove it?  How can you prove it?	fru
M	For God sakes, it's been three years.  Nobody comes back after three years.  It's insane.	ang
F	To you it is and to me, but not to him.  I mean, you can talk yourself blue in the face, but he--there's no body and no grave so where are you?	fru
M	Sit down, Mom.  I want to talk to you.	xxx
F	Trouble is the God damn newspapers.  Every month or so a boy turns up out of nowhere so, you know, the next one is gonna be Larry.	xxx
M	All right.  All right.  Listen to me.  You know why I brought Annie here don't you?	fru
F	Why?	xxx
M	You know.	xxx
F	I've got an idea, but what's the story?	sad
M	I'm gonna ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well, that's only your business, Chris.	neu
M	You know it's not only my business.	fru
F	What do you want me to do?  You're old enough to know your own mind.	ang
M	So it's all right then?	fru
M	I'll go ahead with it?	fru
F	Well, you want to make sure that your father isn't going to--	xxx
M	Well, then it isn't just my business--	ang
F	I'm just saying that--	neu
M	Ah, sometimes you infuriate me.  You know that?  I mean, isn't it your business too if I tell Dad and flips--freaks out about it?  I mean, you have such a talent for ignoring things.	xxx
F	I ignore what I gotta ignore.  The girl is Larry's girl.	xxx
M	She's not Larry's girl.	ang
F	From your father's point of view, he isn't dead.  And you've no right to take his girl.	fru
F	And you can go on from there if you know where to go, but I don't know where to go.  See, I don't know.  Now what can I do for you?	fru
M	I don't know why, but, every time I reach out for something that I want, I have to pull back 'cause someone else will suffer.  My whole bloody life.  Time after time after time.	fru
F	You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong with that.	neu
M	To hell with that.	ang
F	[BREATHING] Have you asked Annie yet?	neu
M	I wanted to get this settled first.	xxx
F	Well, how do you know she'll marry you?  Maybe she feels the same way your father does.	neu
M	Well, if she does, then that's the end of it.  But from her letters, I think she's forgotten him.  I'll find out.  And then we'll thrash it out with Dad, right?  Mom, don't avoid me.	sad
F	Trouble is, you don't see enough women.	sad
F	You never did.	fru
M	So what, I'm not fast with women.	xxx
F	I just don't see why it has to be Annie.	fru
M	Because it is.	neu
F	Well, that's a good answer, but it doesn't answer anything.  I mean, you've been away for--at war.  It's been five years.	fru
M	I can't help it.  I know her best.  I mean, I grew up next door to her.	xxx
M	These years when I think of a wife, I think of Annie.  What do you want, a diagram?	fru
F	I don't want a diagram.  Umm-- He thinks he's coming back, Chris.  You marry that girl and you're pronouncing him dead.	fru
F	I mean, what's gonna happen to your father?  Do you know?  I don't.	fru
M	All right.  All right, then, Mom.	fru
F	I just--give it some more thought.	fru
M	I've given it three years of thought.  I thought that if I waited Dad would forget about Larry and we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.	fru
M	But if I can't--if that can't happen here, then I'll have to get out.	xxx
F	What the hell is this?	sur
M	I'll get out.  I'll get married and go live some place else.  Maybe New York.	xxx
F	Are you crazy?	ang
M	I've been a good son too long.  A good sucker.  I'm through with it.	ang
F	What about the business?  What the hell is this?	ang
M	The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.	ang
F	Must you be inspired?	ang
M	Yes.  I like it an hour a day.  If I'm gonna grub for my money all day long, at least in the evening I want it beautiful.	ang
M	I want a family.  I want kids.  I want something that I can give myself to.  Annie's in the middle of that.  Now, where do I find it?	xxx
F	Tell me, you'd leave the business?	xxx
M	Yes, on this I would.	neu
F	Well, you don't want to think like that.	ang
M	Then help me stay here.	xxx
F	All right, but just don't go thinkin' like that 'cause otherwise what did we work for?  I mean, the whole thing is for you, Chris.  The whole shootin' match is for you.	xxx
M	I know.  I know, Mom.  Just help me stay here.	fru
F	All right.  Just-- just don't go thinkin' that way, you hear me?	fru
M	I am thinkin' that way.	neu
F	I don't understand you, do I?	fru
M	No, you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.	neu
F	I can see that.	sad

F	The only one I know still love his parents.	neu
M	Yeah, that kind of went out of style didn't it?	hap
F	Oh it's not bad thing it's good thing.	neu
F	You know it's nice here, the air is sweet.	xxx
M	You're not sorry you came?	hap
F	Not sorry, no.  I can't stay here.	sad
M	Why not?	sad
F	For one thing your mother as much as told me to go.	neu
M	Well.	xxx
F	[BREATHING] And then you've been kind of...	sad
M	What?	neu
F	You've been kind of embarrassed ever since I got here.	sad
M	I was kind of planning on sneaking up on you, you know over like a course of a week or so. They just take for granted that we're already set.	xxx
F	I knew they would, your mother anyway.	xxx
M	You did?	neu
F	From her point of view why else would I come?	neu
M	Yeah--	neu
M	So then would you want to?  I mean I guess, you kind of have to know, maybe that's why I asked you to come.	xxx
F	Well I guess that's why I came.	xxx
M	Ann, I love you.  I love you.	hap
M	I love you a great deal.	xxx
M	I'm sorry I don't really have much of an imagination.	xxx
F	Chris,	xxx
M	I'm sorry I'm embarrassing you, aren't I?  See, I didn't want to do it here I didn't on this porch, with this ring--I didn't want to win you away from anything.	xxx
F	I've been ready a long, long time.	xxx
M	So then he's gone.  You sure?	xxx
F	I almost got married two years ago.	neu
M	Why didn't you?	neu
F	You started to write me.	xxx
M	You felt something that far back?	xxx
F	Everyday since.	exc
M	why didn't you let me know?	exc
F	Because I was waiting for you, Chris.  Till then you never wrote me and then when you did, well, you sure can be ambiguous you know.	exc
M	Oh Annie, why don't you go ahead and give me a kiss, come on just a...	xxx
M	I kissed you.  I kissed Annie.	exc
F	I'll never forgive you for waiting so long.  All I did was sit around and wonder if I was crazy for thinking about you.	hap
M	I kissed you.	hap
F	Like Larry's brother.  Do what like you, Chris.	xxx
F	Chris, what's the matter?	sad
M	Do you want to go somewhere?  Let's go.	sad
F	No, what is it?  Is your mother?	sad
M	No, no, it's nothing like that.	sad
F	Well, then what?  You know, even in your letter you seem kind of ashamed.	xxx
M	I don't know it's--it's complicated. But it's going from me now.	sad
F	You got to tell me.	sad
M	I don't know.	sad
M	It's kind of all mixed up with all these other things.	sad
F	Wouldn't work like this.	sad
M	you know over seas I was in command of the company?	sad
F	Yeah, sure.	sad
M	Well I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	sad
M	Pretty much all.	sad
F	[BREATHING]. Geez.	sad
M	Takes awhile to toss something like that off.  I mean they weren't just men, you know.	sad
M	For instance, there was this one time when this kid--it had been raining for like several days and he gave me his last pair of dry socks.	sad
M	He just put it in my pocket that's the kind of guys I had.	sad
M	They didn't die they killed themselves for each other and I mean that exactly, you know a little more selfish and they'll all be here today...	sad
M	And I had this idea as I was watching them go down like everything was being destroyed, you know.  But I felt like this one new thing was being made, you know it's kind of like this.  This monument...	sad
M	You know, that they were bringing something on to this earth, a kind of sacrifice you know.	sad
M	I thought I would change everything you know, and I got back here and it was- it was like nothing had changed at all...	sad
M	You know.  I went to work with dad and I started that whole rat race again...	sad
M	And no one had changed it was just like sort of random bus accident to them.	sad
M	Driving my new car and I felt guilty you know opening my bank book seeing a new refrigerator.	sad
M	'Cause you can take those things out of a war.  But you have to realize that those things came out of the love that a man can have for another man...	sad
M	And if you can't see that then it's just loot and there's blood all over it.	sad
M	I felt ashamed and I didn't want any part of it.  I guess I included you too.	sad
F	Do you still feel that way?	sad
M	I want you to know Annie.	sad
F	'Cause you mustn't feel that way.  Everything you have, you have a right to...	xxx
F	Everything Chris do you understand that?  To me too...	xxx
F	And your money there's nothing wrong in your money.  Your father put hundreds of planes into the air.  You should be proud of that a man should be paid for that.	xxx
M	Annie...	xxx
M	I'm going to make a fortune for you.	hap
F	What would I do with a fortune?	hap

F	You're the only one I know that still loves his parents.	hap
M	Yeah. I know. It went out of style, didn't it?	hap
F	No, it's all right. There's nothing wrong in that, you know.	hap
F	It's really lovely here. The air is sweet.	hap
M	You're not sorry you came?	neu
F	No. I'm not sorry. It's-	sad
F	I can't stay.	xxx
M	Why not?	xxx
F	Well, for one thing, your mother so much has told me to go. [LAUGHTER].	fru
M	Well-	neu
F	Look,	xxx
F	you've been acting kind of, well, you know.	xxx
M	What?	neu
F	Well, you've been embarrassed ever since I came.	sad
M	Yes, I guess I have been. But it's going from me now.	xxx
M	Oh look, um, well, the thing is, I was planning on, planning on sort of sneaking up on you over a week or so, and they-they take it for granted we're all set.	hap
F	Yeah.	xxx
M	How did you know?	xxx
F	Yeah, they would. Especially your mom.	xxx
M	Well, uh- would you want to?	xxx
M	I, I guess that's why I asked you to come.	hap
F	Well, I mean,	hap
M	Oh, Annie.	hap
F	from her opinion, why else would I come here?	hap
M	Annie, I love you.	hap
M	I love you a great deal.	hap
M	I-I love you. I have no imagination. That's all I know how to tell it.	hap
F	Well, I guess that's why I came.	hap
M	I'm embarrassing you. I didn't want to tell you it here. I wanted to go somewhere that would be brand-new to each other. It feels wrong here, don't you? This yard and this chair.	hap
M	I don't want to win you from anybody. I want you to be ready for me.	hap
F	I've been ready for a long, long time.	hap
M	Then he's gone forever. You're sure?	xxx
F	Look	xxx
F	I was almost married two years ago.	xxx
M	Why didn't you?	sur
F	'Cause you started to write me.	xxx
M	You felt something that far back?	hap
F	Every day since.	hap
M	Why didn't you let me know?	hap
F	Well, I don't know, you didn't write until then and then when you did, what'd you say?	xxx
F	You always can be so ambiguous.	xxx
M	Give me a kiss, Annie.	hap
M	Give me-	hap
M	[LAUGHTER]. God, I kissed Annie. I kissed Annie. How long, how long I've been waiting to kiss you.	xxx
F	I don't know if I ever can forgive you for that. Why'd you wait so long? I sat in my room wondering if I was crazy for thinking about you.	hap
M	We're going to live now. I'm going to make you so happy.	hap
F	Not like that, you're not.	xxx
M	I kissed you.	hap
F	Like Larry's brother. Do it like you, Chris.	hap
F	What is it?	xxx
M	Let's drive somewhere. I want to be alone with you.	sad
F	No. What is it? Is it your mother?	sad
M	No, no, no, no. Nothing like that.	neu
F	Well then tell me what's wrong. I mean, even in your letters there's something ashamed.	sad
M	Yeah. I guess there is. I guess I was, but uh- it's going from me now.	sad
F	You should tell me.	sad
M	I don't know where to start.	sad
F	But, Chris, it wouldn't work like this.	sad
M	You know when I went overseas. I said I was in command of a company.	sad
F	Yeah, sure.	sad
M	Well, I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	sad
M	Just about all.	sad
F	Geez.	sad
M	It takes a little while to toss that off. Because they weren't just men.	sad
M	For instance, one time, it had to have been raining several days. There was this one kid, he came up to me and he gave me his last pair of dry socks. Put them in my pocket.	sad
M	I mean, that's-that's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had. They didn't just die. They killed themselves for each other. And I mean that exactly. A little more selfish and they'd still be here today.	sad
M	And I, and I thought something watching them go down.	sad
M	Everything was being destroyed, see, but there was one new thing that was being created. A kind of responsibility, man for man. You understand me?	sad
M	And to show that-to bring that onto the earth like some sort of monument standing right behind us where everyone could feel it and it would make a difference to him.	sad
M	And I came back here and it was incredible. There was no meaning in that here. The whole thing to them was a bus accident.	sad
M	And I went to work with dad and that rat race again. And I felt what you said-ashamed somehow. Because nobody was changed at all. It seemed to make a sucker out of a lot of guys.	sad
M	And I felt wrong to be alive. To drive the car, to see the new checkbook, to see the new refrigerator. I mean, you can take those things out of the war. But you got to know that when you drive that car that that came out of the love a man can have for another man. And you got to be a little bit better because of that.	sad
M	Otherwise, what you have here is loot; and there's blood on it.	sad
M	And I didn't want to take any of it.	sad
M	And I guess that included you.	sad
F	And you still feel that way?	sad
M	I want you now, Annie.	xxx
F	Because you can't feel that way, never again, Chris. You hear me? Never. I mean, the money and me too.	sad
F	I mean, there's nothing wrong in that money, and your father put good planes up in the air and you should be proud of that. A man should be paid for that.	xxx
M	Annie,	hap
M	Annie, I'm going to make a fortune for you.	hap
F	What am I going to do with a fortune?	hap

M	Hey.	exc
F	Hey.	xxx
M	Esmeralda, guess what?	exc
F	What?	exc
M	[LAUGHTER] Guess who just got hitched?	exc
F	Shut up. Oh my God.  Really? Just like that?  You just asked the question and what...how did you ask?	sur
M	This guy. Yeah.  Can you believe it? She said yes too. Yeah.  She said yes.	exc
M	Okay we were at Chuck E. Cheese.	exc
F	Chuck E. Cheese?  Ah, man that is so lame.	exc
F	Are you serious [GARBAGE] man?	exc
M	Get the big pizza--and I put it in the pizza and she ate so [GARBAGE]	xxx
F	Oh like that one movie.  What's that one movie I just saw? No.  Where she like swallows the...	exc
M	American Pie? Ah.	xxx
F	oh, I don't remember.  Everybody Says I Love You with Drew Barrymore...no you haven't seen it?  Okay.	exc
M	Yeah.  It sounds like a chick flick. Anyways so, she gets the ring and she goes,	xxx
F	Yeah.  Well...	xxx
M	Barry what's this?  And I go, I don't know.  She goes--	xxx
F	She calls you Barry?	xxx
M	That's my name.	xxx
F	Oh, okay.  Well I call you Joe cause you're middle name Joseph.	xxx
M	Barry Joe, B.J. [LAUGHTER] Oh you dirty, dirty girl. you're so dirty.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] So nasty. No you... dirty me?	exc
F	Okay.	xxx
M	Ah...Anyways, so she took the ring and she goes, is this real?  So I was like, of course--	exc
M	Sara and I--	hap
F	She actually asked if it was real?  I would've probably asked the same thing considering you were in Chuck E. Cheese.	hap
M	Come on. It was her birthday.	exc
F	Because of Chuck E. Cheese?	xxx
F	Oh, man. How old are you? Five?	xxx
M	She wanted...she always wants something spontaneous.	hap
F	Yeah.  That's, you know, okay.	neu
M	I couldn't, I couldn't afford the Red Lobster. [LAUGHTER] What anyway?	hap
F	Oh god! You are damn cheap, cheap, cheap. Anyways, moving on. It's not like you're poor.  I mean your dad makes... okey	hap
M	So Okay then and.	hap
M	I got all the character animals to do a conga line,	hap
M	dim down the lights and uh, I got on one of the tables pulled her up.	hap
F	You had the mouse?	hap
F	Isn't it a rat?  It's a rat.  Chuck E. Cheese?	neu
M	Yeah.	hap
M	Chucky...I don't know.  I don't know. Anyways, I pull her up and I go, I go Sarah	hap
F	Okay. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	You're my guiding light, then they put on that song the I've had the time of my life, that song.	hap
F	Oh my God.	xxx
F	Okay, that is really cheesy Joe.	hap
M	And I go, I want to spend the rest of my life with you.	xxx
F	Oh that's kind of sweet.	hap
M	And I love you baby.  And I want you to marry me.	xxx
F	Wait, wait, wait I want you to marry me?  No, shouldn't you like be more like a question like, would you marry me?  Not like I want you to marry me.  It's like a demand.	exc
F	You marry me. I man I Jane, you Tarzan.	exc
M	No. Well that's what I said, spur of the moment--and she goes, she goes,	xxx
M	sure.  And that was it.	xxx
F	She said sure?	hap
F	Sure?  Who says sure?  You say yes...I don't like--	hap
M	Yeah, she goes--	xxx
M	Cause she was a little confused at first but then she said yes.	xxx
F	How long have you guys been going out?	hap
M	About two and a half weeks.	neu
F	What?	sur
M	Two and ...  We love each other. Yeah.	hap
F	What?	sur
F	Okay.  I haven't seen you in about two and a half years and I come back and you're getting engaged to somebody you only knew for	sur
M	You got to meet her, she's wonderful.	hap
F	No, no, no.  You don't get married in two and a half weeks.  It doesn't work that way.  You don't even have sex----in two and a half weeks.	xxx
M	She just graduated from high school and----she's planning to apply for colleges----and stuff.She's so great.  She has so much life and energy and stuff.	hap
F	What? Oh my god.	xxx
F	She must be hot.	hap
F	Yeah, that's it.  She's hot and you are- getting married.	xxx
M	Yeah, she is good-looking.	hap
F	I cannot believe you.  Why do you want to get married?  You're a boy.  You're a little boy.	xxx
M	I'm twenty eight years old.	neu
F	You still act like a boy.  And men take a lot longer to grow----I will tell you.	neu
M	Well that's why I'm dating someone who's just eighteen years old. Jesus. I think she's ready to have kids already.	xxx
F	Oh man.	xxx
F	What?  Eighteen?	xxx
M	I'm so excited.  It's going to be great.	exc
F	I can't believe you.  I can't believe it.  Well I'm going to be there.  I'll be at that wedding but I'll be in the back.	xxx
M	She just...she just...we're in a good position too.  She just got promoted to assistant manager at Jack In The Box	xxx
M	-and so... yeah.	xxx
F	Wow. Very promising.  Yeah.  Very promising future and what are you doing?	xxx
M	I'm still working at my parents' restaurant. Busing tables.	neu
F	Alright. Yeah.  Have a kid.  Make a beautiful life.	xxx
M	Oh that's great. My mom said we can move in with her again if we run out of money.	hap
F	You, You are too much, I can't handle it.	xxx
M	I'm so happy.	xxx

F	What's he going to say? Maybe we ought to talk to him before he sees it.	xxx
M	He saw it.	neu
F	What-how did he see it? I mean, I was the first one up. He was still in bed.	xxx
M	He was out there when it happened.	neu
F	When?	xxx
M	Um, about four this morning. Uh- I heard a crack and I looked out and I saw him standing there.	neu
F	What was he doing out at four in the morning?	xxx
M	I don't know. But after it cracked he went back in the house and he cried in the kitchen.	neu
F	Did you talk to him?	neu
M	No, I uh-, I figured the best thing to do was to leave him alone.	neu
F	He cried hard, huh?	neu
M	I could hear it right through the floor.	neu
F	What was he doing out there at that time? He was dreaming about him again. He's walking around at night again.	xxx
M	I guess he is.	neu
F	Could he-he's acting just like he did after he died, you know?	neu
F	What's the meaning in that?	xxx
M	I don't know.	neu
M	But I know one thing, mom. We've made a terrible mistake with dad.	neu
F	Well, what do you mean? What?	xxx
M	Being dishonest with him. That kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.	neu
F	What do you mean, dishonest?	neu
M	You know Larry's not coming back and I know that too. Why do we go on letting him think that we believe with him?	xxx
F	What, you're going to argue with him?	fru
M	No, I don't want to argue with him, but it's time that he realized that no one believes that Larry's coming back anymore.	fru
F	You can't tell him that.	fru
M	We got to tell him that.	fru
F	We can't. It just won't work.	fru
M	You know, for God's sakes it's been three years. No one comes back after three years. It's insane.	fru
F	They do come back.	neu
F	I know, but he doesn't know that.	xxx
F	Three years has been a long time.	xxx
M	All right. Just- Sit down, mom. I want to talk to you.	fru
F	It's those Goddamn newspapers, you know? I mean, it's like every day they come out with this new person that comes along. And the next one's going to be Larry.	ang
M	All right. All right. Just come on, sit down.	fru
F	What?	fru
M	You know-you know why I asked Annie here, right?	neu
F	Why?	neu
M	You know.	neu
F	Well, I have an idea, but go on, tell me, what's the story?	xxx
M	I want to ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well, that's only your business, Chris.	neu
M	Come on, you know that's not only my business.	fru
F	Well, it is. I mean, what do you want me to do? You're grown up; you know what's going on in your mind.	fru
M	So it's all right. I'll just go ahead with it.	neu
F	Well, you better make sure your father's not- No- I'm just saying.	fru
M	See, then it's not just my business. God, you have	ang
M	-Oh, you infuriate me sometimes. You know, it's not just my business too if dad throws a fit.	ang
M	God. You have such a talent for ignoring things.	xxx
F	Yeah, well I ignore what I got to ignore.	fru
F	And she-she's Larry's girl.	fru
M	No, she is not Larry's girl.	xxx
F	Well, from your father's point of view she is. I mean, he's still alive. You've got no right to take her.	fru
F	If you go on from that point, I don't know where you go.	xxx
F	'Cause listen, I'm telling you, I don't know where to go from there. Do you?	fru
M	Oh, I don't know.	xxx
F	What do you want from me?	fru
M	Every time I reach out for something I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole entire life, time and time after time.	sad
F	You're a considerate fella and there's nothing wrong in that.	neu
M	To hell with that.	ang
F	There's nothing wrong with it.	neu
M	I didn't ask Annie yet.	neu
F	You didn't ask her yet?	fru
M	I wanted to get this settled first.	neu
F	Well, how do you know she's going to marry you? I mean, what if she feels the same way as your father?	xxx
M	Well then I guess it's over then. But from her letters I think she's forgotten him.	neu
M	I'll find out. But then after it's all over we'll thrash it out with dad, right?	neu
M	Mom, don't avoid me.	fru
F	You know, the trouble is you've never had enough women. No, you never did.	fru
M	So what? I'm not fast with women.	fru
F	I don't understand why it has to be her.	fru
M	Because it is.	neu
F	That's a good answer, but it doesn't answer anything.	fru
M	I just-	fru
F	I mean, you haven't seen her since the war. I mean, it's been five years.	fru
M	It just is. I-	neu
M	I grew up with her. Okay. All these years, when I think of someone I want to be my wife I think of Annie. What do you want, a diagram?	fru
F	No, I don't want a diagram.	fru
F	He thinks he's coming back. You go-go on and marry her, I mean, you're pronouncing her dead. And what's going to happen to your father, huh? I don't know. Do you?	fru
M	Okay. All right, then.	fru
F	Just, listen. Give it more thought, is all.	fru
M	No, I've given it three years of thought.	fru
M	And I thought that if I waited then dad would forget about Larry and then we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.	xxx
M	But if I can't have that here then I'll get out.	neu
F	What the hell is this?	xxx
M	I'll get out. I'll marry her somewhere else. Maybe New York.	neu
F	You're crazy.	xxx
M	I've been a sucker too long. I'm through with it.	xxx
F	You're what-you're going to leave the business? But you can't do that. What the hell is this?	fru
M	The business. The business doesn't inspire me.	fru
F	Oh, you have to be inspired.	fru
M	Yes. I like it an hour out of the day. If I have to grub for money all day long at least that evening I want it beautiful. I want a wife. I want a family. I want some kids. I want to build something I can give myself to.	ang
M	Now, Annie's in the middle of all that.	ang
M	Now, where do I find it?	neu
F	Tell me something.	neu
F	You'd leave that business.	neu
M	Yes. On this I would.	neu
F	You can't do that.	fru
M	Then help me stay here.	neu
F	All right, but you can't do that. You can't talk like that.	fru
M	Okay. Just-	neu
F	We've worked all our lives for you. Only for you, Chris. The whole shootin' match is for you.	fru
M	Yeah, I know, I know, just help me stay here, all right?	fru
F	I'm going to.	neu
F	You just can't talk like that.	xxx
M	I am thinking like that.	neu
F	I don't know you, do I?	neu
M	No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.	neu
F	Yeah. I can see that.	neu

M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	neu
F	Honey, you knew there was nothing in that.	xxx
M	I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.	neu
F	Presents?  Just a trivial little broach.	xxx
M	Ah, yes, I remember it well.  Bristling with diamonds in the worst possible taste.	xxx
F	No, it wasn't.  It was very pretty.  I still have it and I wear it often.	xxx
M	You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	xxx
F	No, I didn't.  You worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.	xxx
M	You must admit, he was in love with you, wasn't he?	xxx
F	Just a little perhaps, nothing serious.	xxx
M	You let him kiss you.  You said you did.	xxx
F	Well, what of it?	xxx
M	What of it?	ang
F	It didn't hurt him at all and I enjoyed it.	xxx
M	Well, what about me?	ang
F	Well, if you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey, you never would have known a thing about it.	neu
M	Well, that's a nice point of view I must say.	xxx
F	I'm bored with this conversation.	xxx
M	Me, too.  Bored stiff.  You want some brandy?	neu
F	No, thanks.	xxx
M	I think I'll have some.	xxx
F	Don't see why you want any.  You've already had two glasses.	xxx
M	No particular reason.  Anyhow they were very small ones.	neu
F	Just seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.	neu
M	You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.	fru
F	Well, it's become a habit with you.	neu
M	You needn't be so grand, just because you don't happen to want any yourself at the moment.	ang
F	Don't be so stupid.	ang
M	Really, Amanda.	xxx
F	What?	ang
M	Nothing.	fru
M	Going out somewhere dear?	xxx
F	No, just making myself fascinating for you.	xxx
M	That reply has broken my heart.	xxx
F	A woman's job is to allure the man.  Watch me a minute, will you?	exc
M	As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.	xxx
F	No, it isn't.	fru
M	Yes, it is.	fru
F	Oh, be quiet.	ang
M	Ah, it's a pity you didn't have any more brandy.  It might have made you a little less disagreeable.	xxx
F	Doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.	fru
M	Snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.	fru
F	Adders don't snap, they sting.	ang
M	Nonsense.  They have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.	fru
F	They sting.	xxx
M	They snap.	fru
F	I don't care, do you understand?  I don't care.  I don't care if they bark or roll about like hoops.	fru
M	Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	xxx
F	Yes, I did.  Quite a lot.	xxx
M	Hmm, I imagine you let him kiss you a good deal more then.	xxx
F	Mind your own business.	fru
M	Oh, must have had a riotous time. No restraint at all.  Very enjoyable and never had much anyhow.	xxx
F	You're quite insufferable	ang
F	I expect it's because you're drunk.	fru
M	I'm not in the least drunk.	ang
F	You've always had a weak head.	xxx
M	As I mentioned before, I have had three minute liquor glasses of brandy the whole evening long.  A child of two couldn't get drunk on that.	fru
F	On the contrary, a child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.	fru
M	Oh, very interesting.  How about a child of four?  A child of six?  Or a child of nine?	fru
F	Shut up.	ang
M	We could get a good debate going about this, don't you think?  Intemperate tots.	ang
F	Not very funny, dear.  You'd better have some more brandy.	fru
M	All right.  I will.	xxx
M	You better turn that off, I think.	xxx
F	Why?	ang
M	Because it's late and it'll annoy the people upstairs.	fru
F	There aren't any people upstairs.  It's a photographer's studio.	fru
M	There are people downstairs I suppose?	fru
F	They're away in Tunis.	xxx
M	This is no time of the year for Tunis.	fru
F	Turn it on again, please.	ang
M	I'll do no such thing.	ang
F	Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.	ang
M	Turn it off.  It's driving me mad.	ang
F	You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.	ang
M	Turn it off.	ang
F	Stop it.  Go away.  I hate you.	ang
M	Amanda, listen. listen	ang
F	Listen?  Listen, indeed.  I am sick and tired of listening to you, damn sadistic bully.	ang
M	Very amusing, indeed.	fru
F	I hate you.  Stop it.  Stop it.  I hate you, do you hear?  You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.	ang
M	You're a vile, tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I hope to never see you again as long as I live.	ang
F	This is the end.  Finally and forever.  Do you hear me?  The end.	ang
M	You're not going like this.	ang
F	Oh Yes, I am.	ang
M	You're not.	ang
F	I am.  Let go of me.  You're a cruel fiend and I hate and loathe you.	ang
M	Shut up. Shut up.	ang
M	I wouldn't-- I wouldn't marry--	ang
M	I wouldn't marry you if you came in crawling on your knees	ang
F	Thank God I realized what you are-- I'd never marry you again ever in my life. You're a cruel fiend and I hate you. You're a beast. You're a beast--I hate you. Stop it.  Stop it.	ang
M	You're a evil vampire and I hope to God I never see you again as long as I live.	ang

F	I don't want you to go.	sad
M	I know, I know. I don't want to go either baby. I love you know. And I'm going to miss you a lot.	sad
F	I'm going to miss you too; I don't know what I'm going to do here without you. It's going to be so lonely, and so hard.	sad
F	I don't want to be a single mom.	sad
M	You won't be. I'll be back; I'll be back before you know it. All right, and	sad
F	but	sad
M	and	sad
F	It's dangerous; I mean how can you make sure that you'll	sad
M	It's- It's dangerous anywhere, honey. I mean this is -this- I'm just going to go and we'll get it over with,	fru
M	I'll come back we'll have, you know, some good benefits from being in the service and then we'll live - we'll live a happy life, then the rest of us, like the three of us.	xxx
F	I hope so.	sad
M	A little family.	xxx
F	I hope so.	sad
M	You gotta	xxx
F	It's going to be really rough.	sad
M	You gotta take care of our baby for me, alright?	sad
F	I'll send you lots of pictures.	sad
M	I hope so, because I'm not going to be able to survive without all that. I don't know what I'm going to do.	sad
M	I've never been - I've never been away from you for two weeks let alone a year.	sad
F	Well, just promise me that you going to be safe.	sad
F	I mean can't they put you in like, you know kitchen work or something where you won't get	sad
M	No, it doesn't work that way	xxx
M	but, I mean, I'm going to do whatever I can and get back here as fast as I can.	xxx
F	It doesn't make any sense; I don't know why we have to be at war in the first place.	fru
M	I know, but it's not our decision, I guess, you know, I mean	xxx
M	there's people that thought it was the right thing to do so now we have to- we have to do what we have to do for our country	sad
M	and it'll work out you know, go there and do that. Yeah, I'll be back	neu
F	Will you write me letters, paper ones?	sad
M	Yeah, of course. I don't know if we'll have computers or anything like that you know, so probably my only option then.	xxx
M	Yeah, I'll write you every day 'cause you're the only thing that's going to be on my mind.	xxx
F	Our baby needs a dad; you can't leave. Okay, you can't disappear.	sad
M	Our baby has a dad, alright. Daddy is going to be back soon.	sad
M	I want you to, you know, take lots of video; pictures and I can see you when I get back or while I'm there. I'm going to miss you.	sad
F	I'll miss you too.	sad

M	So, uh, so how's it been going?  I mean, you have any needs or anything?	neu
F	I'm--every lead that I get ends up just being a dead end.  You know what I mean.  People are sick of me calling--	fru
M	No.  You can't think that way.  I mean it's good--it's good that you're--that you're calling, you know. you can't	neu
F	Yeah, but it--I mean it's the same response you get over and over again.  Like--	fru
F	Oh, we're not hiring at this time or thank you, we already have your information on file--We'll call you when we're ready.	fru
M	Yeah--I know what you mean.  I've gone through like similar stuff, but--	xxx
F	But, it's been so long, like--I mine as well just take a job at McDonald's.  Like, I don't--	fru
M	No, come on.  Don't [GARBAGE]	neu
F	I just--I can't do it anymore.  Like, it just takes it out of you--	fru
M	I know.  I know. It's hard, but you just--you gotta keep going.  I mean, you've been going at it for so long, you know.  Something is definitely going to come up.  I-I know it will, because you're a good worker--	neu
F	I just keep getting rejected.  I just keep getting rejected over and over and over again and it starts to make you feel like there must be something wrong with you that you can't get a job.	fru
M	No.  It's--I mean, it's competitive, you know.  That's-That's what it is.  that's what you gotta be is competitive.	neu
F	Yeah, but maybe--if just because it's competitive, like maybe I'm just not good enough.  Maybe the level is here and I'm here and there's just no way I'm ever gonna do that--	fru
M	There...There are plenty of people out there with--with like, good jobs, you know, that are a lot...	neu
M	...dumber than you.  I mean they're a lot worse off than you.  You are much better off than like a lot of those people in there. I know	neu
F	I didn't have like one of those starts, you know, like a family member who was already in the business or something you know that could like give me a helping hand.	fru
M	I know.  It makes it harder.  I mean it's definitely who you know in a lot of cases, but--	neu
F	It's just so frustrating.  Like, I just--I just don't wanna do it anymore.  You know?  I just don't wanna like hit the pavement every single day with my resumes and going out there all the time.  You know, it's just like--	fru
M	But you gotta.  Otherwise, what is--what's your other option?	neu
F	I feel so worthless.	sad
M	It's not worthless 'cause it's definitely gonna--it's definitely gonna pay off.  I know it.  I mean, I can--I've just--I've seen your work etiquette.  You know, you're a good worker and...	neu
M	... and there's no reason that--that something won't come up like really soon.  All right?  So you just gotta--	neu
F	And what would make you say that?  There doesn't seem to be any indicators that anything's going to get better.	fru
M	Because I know you.  You know, and maybe once you get to know some more people, like talking to them and everything, they'll get to know you too and they'll realize they should've hired you three years ago.  You know? but  And- and they'll finally come around and believe me--it'll--you gotta-	neu
F	It's just really hard.  I feel like their starting to get like a personal prejudice against me.  You know what I mean?  Like it's like suddenly it starts to feel like it's just you that they say no to and it's not that they're not taking applications and it's not that they're not hiring people, it's just you particularly they have some particular reason for just hating you.  You know?	fru
M	Well maybe yeah, but maybe you get to that point where it's like you bug 'em and then they just don't wanna hear from you anymore, but you keep bugging them and bugging them and then it's gonna annoy them so much that they're gonna be like all right fine. you know	neu
F	Or they'll never talk to me again.	fru
M	Or, well, no.  Okay. you -[GARBAGE]	fru
F	I-I just I think maybe I should try something else.  I mean, I-I don't know.  All growing up this is the only thing that I ever wanted to do and yet I can't.  I'm not physically able apparently.  I mean--	fru
M	That obviously that's not true though.  I mean, you've done this before.  You've done all the work like this before, you know, and and you've gotten people saying oh, you're so good and like you know--	neu
F	I guess the money shouldn't matter to me, but--Somehow it does.  You know? It's not like I do it for the money, but	fru
M	Right.	neu
M	Well, you've gotta live.	neu
F	you have to--I mean, if you're hired by somebody, then you're not a professional, you're an amateur and that means that you're not good enough.	fru
M	I mean, it's just, it's really--I don't know, yeah, it's about their opinions and it's about, I don't know, just getting yourself out there and--	neu
F	I just wanna crawl in a hole, you know.  Like it just makes you not wanna even open your eyes in the morning.	sad
M	Well, come on, come on.  Thinking about it like this is definitely not gonna help either though.	neu
F	I don't know how to get out of it.  I don't know how to dig myself out of it.  It's the same hole that I've been digging and digging and digging.  I can't--	xxx
M	I don't know.	xxx

M	So you're leaving tomorrow.	sad
F	Yeah.  They just called.	sad
M	This is really-this is unfair.	sad
F	I know.	sad
M	I don't see [BREATHING]	fru
F	I don't know what to say.  I don't want to go but I don't have a lot of choice.	sad
M	I mean we both knew that this was going to happen.  It's just that I feel that, you know, I don't want Susie growing up without a mother.	fru
M	And, uh, I'm afraid that if you, you know, when you leave, you won't come back.	sad
F	I'm going to come back.  I need you to believe that.	sad
M	You don't know that.	fru
F	I need you to believe that too.  How am I supposed to believe everything's going to be okay if you don't?	xxx
M	I'll believe it, but- I'll believe it but it- I don't know that that's going to happen.	fru
F	Well you have to have faith because I don't have a choice and I have to go.	sad
M	You do have a choice.  You don't have to go.	xxx
F	Do you think I want to leave you?	sad
M	You have a choice.	fru
F	I have to do this.  I don't want to leave.  Do you think I want to miss seeing her grow up?	sad
M	I know.  It's just you don't have to do this for a living you know.	fru
M	You're a smart person.  There are other things you can do.	fru
F	Look we both knew what this meant when I signed on	fru
F	And now- and now it's really shitty timing but now I have to go.	sad
F	I mean I'm the one who has to leave here.  I'm the one who has to leave the two of you.  At least you get to be together.	fru
M	It's just not going to work out without you here.	xxx
F	What's that supposed to mean?	sad
M	I mean we can't-we're not a complete family without you here.	sad
F	Well I'll come back.  What is that supposed to mean?  You're not willing to wait for me to come back?	ang
M	Of course I'm going to wait.  I just- I just don't like the idea of this happening because this isn't the last time this is going to happen. You're going to go on more tours and stuff.  I just- I can't-	fru
M	I can't deal with this emotionally.	fru
F	What do you want me to do?	fru
M	I want you to leave.  I want you to leave the service.	fru
F	Well I can't very well do it today.  I still have to leave tomorrow.	fru
M	You can do it today.  You don't have to do anything.  You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.	fru
F	You're not making this any easier for me, you know.  I'm the one who has to go and you're really not helping.	fru
M	Look I'm just telling you that you don't have to go.	fru
F	I do have to go. And I need to know that you're here waiting for me and that you believe that I'm coming back.	fru
M	That's all I'm saying... No you don't.	ang
F	Thanks that helps.	ang
M	It's just really unfair.  This is- this is bullshit.	fru
F	I feel much better now.	ang
M	You're acting like, you know, you're the one who's going all through, you know, all this shit and it's really- it's really not.	ang
F	I know I'm leaving you here with all the responsibility but at least you get to be with her.	fru
M	Yeah.  Of course I do because I didn't enlist in this stupid thing.  Why don't you just get out now and then-	ang
F	I will but I can't right now.	fru
M	Yes- You don't have to go.  What are they going to do?  Huh?  Put a gun to your head?	xxx
F	You know- you know how this works.  I have to go.	xxx
M	Then go.  We'll be here when you get back.	fru
F	That's how you want to leave it?	ang
M	I don't know how else to leave it.  What, do you want me to lie to you?	sad
M	You want me tell you that I'm okay with it?	sad
F	I want you to be okay with it as much as you can be.  I mean it's not a great situation but we don't have an option here.	sad
M	Well I can't be okay with it the same way you can't not go.  It just doesn't work that way.	sad
F	Fine.	sad

M	How you doing?	neu
F	Okay.	sad
F	Yeah. Wow.	sad
M	We're all going to miss him.	neu
F	Mmm hmm. I never knew it was going to be this hard, you know.	sad
F	It's weird 'cause it's like you expected it to happen and eventually-	sad
F	he had cancer, you know?	sad
F	They thought he got--would get better and he did, and then it just- things turned bad.	sad
F	Turned around for the worst, you know.	sad
M	I didn't know him, Tricia, but uh- I heard that he was a great man.	sad
F	He was amazing.	sad
F	I loved that boy.	sad
F	We did everything together, you know.	sad
F	It's weird, I think. I feel so alone, you know? What am I going to do now? Now that he's gone.	sad
F	He's so young. It seems so--	sad
F	so wrong in so many ways.	sad
F	His poor parents. You know, it's their only son.	sad
M	yeah.	neu
F	Kind of a whole year. I mean, he suffered with this, this monster, this thing, this disease.	sad
M	He was in chemo the whole time, right?	sad
M	And he just got that baseball scholarship.	sad
F	I know. He was, he had so much going for him.	sad
F	So handsome, so young, so gifted.	sad
F	So talented.	sad
F	Such a sweet person, you know?	sad
M	How's his parents doing?	sad
F	Not very good.	sad
F	Can you imagine, though, you know, as a parent, just losing a kid? Twenty-two years old.	sad
F	It's weird, I kind of feel like part of me is gone now, you know?	sad
F	Because this other half was just kind of like ripped away.	sad
M	You guys were pretty close, weren't you?	sad
F	He was like, he was like my brother, you know.	sad
F	He was my brother.	sad
F	Just seems so unfair, is the way it is.	sad
F	You know, he had that really pretty girlfriend for like about a year and-	sad
M	What was her name?	sad
F	Kelly. Kelly Uveny.	sad
F	They talked about getting married and--	sad
M	Trying to have a baby.	sad
F	Yeah. But then when he got cancer and it got bad, you know, she just took off and-	sad
F	so I was there for him.	sad
M	Some people.	sad
M	Yeah, but you were there all the hospital days. By his bed-	sad
F	Yeah. God, I loved that kid.	sad
M	So nice, so positive.	sad
F	yeah.	sad
M	We need more people like him.	sad
F	Joe, do you think he knew I loved him?	sad
M	I don't know.	sad
F	I never told him, I love you, but-	sad
F	I loved him so much.	sad
M	I don't know if Benny was smart like that- but-	sad
M	I'm sure he loved you too. He just didn't know it.	sad

F	How's it going?  How are you feeling?	sad
M	I ah--	sad
M	alright.	sad
F	Hanging in there?	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
F	So sad.	sad
M	It just feels like I was talking to him yesterday.	sad
F	Yeah.	sad
F	You guys were real close huh?	sad
M	He was my only friend growing up.	sad
M	no one else would talk to me but he would.	sad
M	He was supposed to be the best man at my wedding.	sad
F	I'm so sorry.	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
M	You know I was always the one to tell him to be more wild you know?	sad
F	Yeah.	xxx
M	And he just took it overboard.	sad
F	What happened?  What went wrong?	sad
M	You know a stupid case of drunk driving it's just...	sad
M	and the worst part of it is that he was in the car with his girlfriend,	sad
M	his girlfriend got killed too.	sad
F	Oh man.	sad
M	And the car that he hit was his family.	sad
F	How are they?	sad
M	The mother and father died--	sad
M	and the kids are paralyzed in a coma right now.	sad
M	and just going to the funeral it's-	sad
M	-do I miss him or do I hate him, you know?	sad
F	Yeah.  Like I mean if you need anyone to talk to or anything I'm here for you okay?	sad
F	We're all here for you.	sad
M	I was supposed to see him last summer	sad
M	then I got busy with work and stuff and three years go by	sad
M	and then something like this happens you know?	sad
M	I mean I haven't even talked to him on the phone for the past three months.	sad
M	He's supposed to be my best friend.	sad
F	I know.	sad
F	just things happen in life and you just...there's just no explanation you know?  We just don't...	sad
M	It's so fucked up.	sad
F	Yeah.	sad
F	I'm so sorry.	sad
M	Why is that?	sad
M	He was studying to be a doctor.	sad
M	I mean he was...he wanted to help people in poor countries, that is his goal.  He didn't care about the money.  He just wanted to go and help people.	sad
M	What the...what am I doing?	sad
M	Working for corporate America?  Wow.	sad
M	He actually wanted to do something.	sad
F	Well now you can follow his footsteps, you know?  Carry out what he wanted to do.	sad
M	I can't do that.	sad
F	Well sure you could.	sad
M	You should've met him.	sad
M	He is the greatest...everyone liked him.	sad
F	Yeah.	sad
F	I would've loved to.	sad
F	Now I can't.	sad

F	Can I help you sir?	neu
M	Yeah.	xxx
M	I've been here for four hours and I don't know where one piece of my luggage is	fru
F	Okay.  Well let's...well I'm going to go ahead and check on that for you.  You're coming from...where are you coming from?	neu
M	Baltimore.	fru
F	Baltimore and this is a direct flight to LAX	neu
M	Yes.	fru
F	Okay.  Let's look up here	neu
M	You know and they've looked it up before and it's not there.	fru
F	Okay.  Well you um-...	neu
M	Now what are you going to do for me different? Hmm?	fru
F	What I can do for you is uh we can uh report lost, lost property.	neu
M	You can report lost property?	fru
F	Yes.	neu
M	Okay.  I'm leaving LA tomorrow for San Diego, driving there.  So, I'm going to leave without all my lost property?  That's what you want me to do? um	fru
F	Well sir, if if...what I believe has happened is most of the flight was left--	neu
F	the luggage was left in Baltimore.  Therefore--	neu
M	Most of the...	ang
F	Like the luggage, the luggage on the flight.	neu
M	Wow.  This is an incompetent airline isn't it?  Are you--?	xxx
F	No actually it was...this is the first time this has ever happened.  I don't know what happened--	neu
M	Are you going to refund us for our luggage, refund us for our tickets for this?	fru
F	Well, we can give you um- hotel lodging for a night if that--	neu
M	I'm going to San Diego tomorrow to stay with my family.  What do I need hotel lodging for hmmm?  Can you tell me that?	ang
F	For tonight- For tonight sir.  Would you need to stay somewhere tonight?	neu
M	Tonight no.  I'm driving tomorrow.  Tonight I'm staying with a friend alright?  I don't need hotel reservations...where?  What hotel?	xxx
F	We can do Holiday Inn or...?	neu
M	Wow.  Thank you.  Holiday Inn.  Wow.  Thank...the flight cost five hundred dollars.	ang
F	Sir I understand that but just--	neu
M	Okay, so you can put me in Holiday Inn for twenty dollar a night?	ang
F	Did you have your name tags on the luggage?	neu
M	Of course I had my name tags on the luggage.	ang
F	Okay.  So if you can just give me your name, your name and your address and your phone number I can contact you as soon as we find out more information.	neu
M	Soon as you...that's not good enough okay?	ang
F	Sir, please calm down.	fru
M	I need you to help me out here.  Can you get on the phone and get the luggage over on the fastest flight you can and then maybe I won't get you fired.	fru
M	If not, I'm going to get your name, I'm going to talk to your boss, whoever...I'm never going to fly...my business is never going to fly Delta again.	fru
F	What is your business?	neu
M	I work for IBM.	neu
F	Okay.  Sir?  I am sorry to tell you this but this does happen. Uh- This is not uh- really,	neu
F	I mean, our airline's fault.  I don't know what happened, misplaced, something happened but we will get you--	neu
M	You misplace a lot of, eight pieces of luggage.	ang
F	Well, the entire flight, sir, the luggage was placed on another plane that never actually left Baltimore.	neu
F	Uh no I'm not.	neu
M	Are you kidding me?	ang
M	Who are you going to fire because of that?	ang
F	Well we have some people back there that need some firing so, but I would just really appreciate--	neu
M	Wow.  This has never happened before.  I've not lost,	ang
M	in all thousand flights I've been on probably I can't even count how many flights I've been on.  This has never happened before.	ang
M	This is the worst customer service I've ever gotten before.	ang
F	Okay sir.  I'm sorry you can--um-	fru
M	Okay.  Get on the phone and figure out where my luggage is and tell me when it's going to get there alright?	ang
F	We already have been confirmed that it will be arriving in--uh--in about two days.	fru
M	And and, in about...	ang
M	Two days I'll be in San Diego and how's it going to get to me in San Diego?  You going to make sure it gets to the San Diego airport?	fru
F	Uh, we can't--	fru
M	Can you get it to the San Diego airport?  You get someone to drive it to my place alright? Then I get a refund for some...I get a free flight alright? I get free whatever.	ang
F	Yes sir, Yes.	neu
F	We can have them direct your luggage to San Diego.	neu
M	Okay.  And you're going to give me what for my inconvenience?	fru
F	Uh--	neu
F	Some refreshments in the lobby?	neu
M	Some peanuts?  Wow.  That helps a lot.	ang
M	Thanks you, thank you I don't have my luggage so you gave me a Holiday Inn stay and peanuts.  Wow.  You know what?	ang
F	eh- we actually--	fru
M	I will never do business with Delta again.	ang

M	Hey.	xxx
F	Hey.  How's it going?  I haven't seen you in awhile.	hap
M	Pretty good Susanna.	xxx
F	What's going on Joe?	hap
M	Guess who got into U.S.C.?	exc
F	Um--	xxx
M	Me. Yeah, I did.	exc
F	No way. Are you serious? Oh my God.  Congratulations. I'm so excited.	sur
M	Yeah.	exc
M	I got into the...	exc
M	I got into cinema production.	exc
F	No.  You didn't get into production.  There's no way.	sur
M	Yeah.	exc
M	No.  It's like it's harder than getting into Harvard.	exc
F	I know.  Oh my God.  Oh my God Joe I am so happy for you.  Well you know what that means?	sur
M	What does that mean?	neu
F	You're going to be here and I'm going to be in LA so we can be together now.  I mean we can be in the same city.	exc
M	Holy shit...	exc
F	We can party.  We can have fun.	exc
M	This will be like high school but even better.	exc
F	Yeah.  Hopefully it won't be like high school.	hap
F	Oh man I am so proud of you, that is...how did you get...I mean what did you do?  How did you find out or what...?	exc
M	I-I came home and my mom was like Joe uh-	xxx
M	I have some bad news.  I was like what?  She's like not really you got into U.S.C. and I was like, I was like oh my God.  I was about to tear my own hair out.	exc
F	Oh man.	hap
M	Yeah.  This is so crazy.  I mean I didn't get into any other school but I got into the school I wanted.	hap
F	Did you say yes yet?  I mean have you sent in your answer?	hap
M	Oh my God the first minute I got it I sent it back in.	exc
F	All right.	hap
M	So...	exc
F	This is so great, you know, because I gone fit on downtown so I'm going to be like right here.  I think I'm going to be living at City Lights downtown.	hap
M	This is so exciting.  This is like a new chapter in our lives.	exc
F	Yeah, it really is.	hap
M	We're doing what we want to do, then four years later we're going to be working professionals, making money, sipping martinis every day.	exc
F	God hopefully.	xxx
F	Man I'm just so happy for you.  I just--	exc
M	Thank you	exc
F	Well, I'm happy for you but I'm happy for me cause that means you're going to stay.	hap
M	And tonight my parents want to take me out to sushi and they said I could bring you.	exc
F	Oh great. I would love to go.	exc
M	Yeah.	xxx
M	Yeah and they said get whatever you want and...	exc
F	Mmmm some miso soup.	hap
M	Some miso soup.  You can get whatever.  You can get a vat full of miso soup.  God.	exc
F	Ah man.	xxx
M	This is going to be so great.  I have so many great ideas.	exc
F	Yeah. Did you...I mean do send in like how long after you send in your application did you hear?	xxx
M	It took them, oh man, it took them like, I mean what it's like April now and any letters that come in April are usually the rejection letters so I was just like...	hap
F	You were like...	xxx
M	I was struck.	xxx
F	Oh my God.  I am so proud of you.	neu

F	What's he going to say?  Maybe we should tell him before he sees it.	xxx
M	He saw it.	neu
F	How could he see it?  I was the first one up.  He was still in bed.	sur
M	He was out here when it broke.	xxx
F	When?	xxx
M	About four this morning.  I heard it cracking and I woke up and looked out.  He was standing right there when it cracked.	xxx
F	What was he doing out here at four in the morning?	xxx
M	I don't know.  When it cracked, he ran back into the house and cried in the kitchen.	xxx
F	Did you talk to him?	sad
M	No, I figured the best thing was to leave him alone.	sad
F	He cried hard?	xxx
M	I could hear him right through the floor of my room.	sad
F	What was he doing out here at that hour?  He's dreaming about him again.  He's walking around at night.	fru
M	I guess he is.	xxx
F	He's getting just like after he died.	xxx
F	What's the meaning in that?	xxx
M	I don't know the meaning of this, mom.  But I know one thing you made a terrible mistake with dad.	fru
F	What?	sur
M	Being dishonest with him, that kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.	fru
F	What do you mean dishonest?	xxx
M	You know that Larry's not coming back and I know it.  Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?	ang
F	What do you want to do, argue with him?	ang
M	I don't want to argue with him but it's time that he realizes that Larry's not coming back anymore.	ang
M	Why shouldn't he dream of him?  Walk the nights waiting for him?  Do we contradict him?  Do we say straight out that we have no hope anymore, that we haven't had any hope for years now?	xxx
F	You can't say that to him.	ang
M	We've got to say it to him.	ang
F	How are you going to prove it?  Can you prove it?	ang
M	For God's sake three years.  Nobody comes back after three years.  It's insane.	ang
F	To you it is and to me but not to him.  You can talk yourself blue in the face but there's no body and no grave so where are you?	ang
M	Sit down mom.  I want to talk to you.	fru
F	The trouble is the goddamn newspapers.  Every month some boy turns up from nowhere so the next one is going to be Larry.	ang
M	Alright, alright, alright.  Listen. You know why I asked Annie here don't you?	fru
F	Why?	xxx
M	You know why.	neu
F	Well I got an idea but what's the story?	xxx
M	I'm going to ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well that's only your business, Chris.	neu
M	You know it's not only my business.	fru
F	What do you want me to do?  You're old enough to know your own mind.	ang
M	Then it's alright.  I'll go ahead with it.	fru
F	Well you want to make sure that father isn't going to-	xxx
M	Then it isn't just my business.	ang
F	I'm just saying.	fru
M	Sometimes you infuriate me.  You know that?  Isn't it your business too if I tell this to father and he throws a fit about it.	ang
M	Sometimes you have a- Sometimes you have a talent for ignoring things.	ang
F	I ignore what I got to ignore. The girl is Larry's girl.	ang
M	She's not Larry's girl.	fru
F	From father's point of view, he's not dead and you have no right to take his girl.	ang
F	Now you can go on from there and you know where to go, but I'm telling you I don't know where to go.  See I don't know.  Now what can I do for you?	ang
M	I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something I want, I have to pull back because other people will suffer. My whole bloody life time after time after time.	fru
F	You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong in that.	neu
M	To hell with that.	ang
F	Did you ask Annie yet?	xxx
M	I wanted to get this settled first.	sad
F	How do you know she'll marry you?  Maybe she feels the same way father does.	fru
M	Well if she does, then that's the end of it.  From her letters, I think she's forgotten him.  I'll find out.	fru
M	and then we'll thrash it out with dad, right mom.  Don't avoid me.	ang
F	The trouble is you don't see enough women.  You never did.	fru
M	So what I'm not fast with women.	ang
F	I don't see why it has to be Annie.	ang
M	Because it is.	ang
F	Well that's a good answer but it don't answer anything.  You haven't seen her since you went to war.  It's been five years.	ang
M	I can't help it.  I know her best.  I was brought up next door to her.	xxx
M	These years when I think of someone for my wife, I think of Annie.  What do you want, a diagram?	sad
F	I don't want a diagram.  He thinks he's coming back, Chris.	fru
F	You marry that girl.  You're pronouncing him dead.  Now what happens to your father?  Do you know because I don't?	ang
M	Alright then mom.	xxx
F	Just give it some more thought.	xxx
M	I've given it three years of thought.  I hoped that if I waited, dad would forget about Larry	ang
M	and everything would be happy and we would have a regular wedding.  But if that can't happen here, then I'll have to get out.	fru
F	What the hell is this?	xxx
M	I'll get out.  I'll get married and live someplace else, maybe New York.	xxx
F	Are you crazy?	ang
M	I've been a good son too long.  A good sucker I'm through with it.	xxx
F	You've got a business here.  What the hell is this?	ang
M	The business, the business doesn't inspire me.	ang
F	Must you be inspired?	ang
M	Yes, I like it an hour a day.  If I have to grub for money all day long, at least at evening I want it beautiful.	fru
M	I want- I want a family.  I want some kids.  I want to build something I give myself to.  Annie is in the middle of that.  Now where do I find it?	fru
F	You mean-tell me something you mean you'd really leave the business?	fru
M	Yes on this I would.	xxx
F	Well you don't want to think that way.	xxx
M	Then you help me stay here.	fru
F	Alright but don't think that way	ang
F	because what the hell did we work for?  This whole shooting match is just for you, Chris.	ang
M	I know.  Just you help me stay here.	fru
F	But don't think that way.  You hear me?	ang
M	I am thinking that way.	xxx
F	I don't understand you do I?	xxx
M	No.  I'm a pretty tough guy.	xxx
F	Yeah.  I can see that.	ang

F	Why did he invite her here?	xxx
M	Why does that bother you?	xxx
F	She's been in New York three and an half years, why all of a sudden?	xxx
M	Well maybe...maybe he just wanted to see her.	neu
F	Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.	xxx
M	What do you mean?  You know he lived next door to the girl his whole life, why wouldn't he want to see her?	xxx
M	[BREATHING] You don't look at me like that.  He didn't tell me anything more than he told you.	fru
F	He's not going to marry her.	ang
M	How do you know he's even thinking about it?	neu
F	It's got that about it.	ang
M	Oh.  So what.	xxx
F	What is going on here, Joe?	ang
M	Now listen.	fru
F	She is not his girl.  She knows she's not.	ang
M	You can't read her mind.	fru
F	Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men, why is she still single?  Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she waited.	ang
M	How do you know why she waited?	neu
F	Because she knows what I know, that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.  In my darkest moments, I think of her waiting and I know that I'm right.	ang
M	Hey look, it's a nice day, huh?  Why are we arguing?	fru
F	Nobody in this house dares take away her faith, Joe.  You know strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.	ang
M	What do you want me to do? What do you want?	fru
F	I want you to-- I want you to act like he is coming back, both of you.  Don't think I haven't noticed you since Chris invited her here.	ang
F	I won't stand for any nonsense.	ang
M	Kate.	fru
F	Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.  Oh laugh, laugh all you like but why does this happen the very night he comes back.  She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look at it, Joe, look.	ang
M	[BREATHING]	fru
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Just believe with me, Joe. Only last week a man came back in Detroit missing longer than Larry.  Believe with me. You, above all, have got to believe. Just believe.	ang
M	Okay. Calm yourself.	fru
M	I know. All right, all right. All right. Okay.  Calm yourself. What does that mean, me above all?	fru
M	Look at you, you're shaking.	xxx
F	I can't help it.	fru
M	What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?	ang

M	So what's up?  What's new?	neu
F	Well Vegas was awesome.	hap
M	Yeah.  I heard.	neu
F	And, um, I got married.	hap
M	Shut up.  No- in Vegas?	sur
F	Yeah.  In the old town part.	hap
M	Who did you marry?	exc
F	Chuck. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	Did you propose to you?	xxx
F	Um- Yes.  It was very romantic.	hap
F	It was at the slot machines.	hap
M	Oh.  The Wheel of Fortune slots?	xxx
F	Uhuh, uhuh.  He won big and he-and he realized that the only thing that would make it better was me as his bride.	hap
M	He turned to you and was like...	neu
F	Hey.  Let's get married and I said okay.	xxx
M	[LAUGHTER] That's really romantic.	hap
F	Yeah.  Well.  You know, because he's leaving the next day.	hap
M	Yeah.	neu
F	But we're going to have a honeymoon cruise.	hap
M	Does that mean that you're going to get citizenship, too, in- in England or whatever?	neu
F	Oh.  I hadn't even thought about that.	hap
M	Yeah.  Think about that.	xxx
F	He's not going to be a citizen, though.	xxx
M	Yeah.  But he'll have like a long visa.  Can you go visit then for a long time?	neu
F	Oh.  Totally.	hap
M	Oh, how are you going to do the long distance thing?  So wait, are you going to move there?	xxx
F	I guess I'll-  I guess I'll have an internet husband.[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	Like you need another one of those.[LAUGHTER]	hap
F	I have an internet boyfriend.  I guess I'll have to juggle the two.  Is that cheating?  I don't know. Hmm.	xxx
M	Is that your phone?	hap
F	Yeah, so [LAUGHTER] He's calling me now	exc
M	He loves you.	hap
F	He likes to keep tabs, you know.	hap
M	How much did he win at the slot?	neu
F	Uh, I think seven hundred and fifty dollars.	neu
M	Really? Penny slots?	sur
F	Penny slots. That's what he plays.	neu
M	Wow.	sur
F	Yeah.	neu
M	I'm a big fan of the Wheel of Fortune quarters. But it just costs so much.  I don't know.	neu
F	Oh.	xxx
F	Yeah.  We played Wheel of Fortune pennies.  It's like a giant thing with like-	hap
M	But the pennies always get you because you end up spending like, you know, fifty bucks.	neu
F	Fifty bucks. Mmhmm.	neu
M	like, wait, but it's just pennies.  You're like, wait a minute I'm on to you.	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
F	Well so now we're married. We have cat children.	hap
M	Awesome.	exc
M	[LAUGHTER] Cat babies.	hap
F	We renamed Brenda, Lumber Janet.	hap
M	That's fair enough.	neu
F	She needs a new name each state that we go into. [LAUGHTER]	hap

F	Can I help you?	neu
M	Yes, please help me.  Where is my bag?	fru
F	I need a little more information.	neu
M	Where is my bag?  Come on, I've been here for four hours.	fru
F	What- What flight did you come in on?	neu
M	Okay, I'm coming in from Atlanta.	fru
F	Georgia?	neu
M	Yes, Georgia.  Good for you I need my bag.  Can you...	xxx
F	There's no need for you to raise your voice, sir.	neu
F	I've been college educated.	neu
F	I speak your language.	neu
M	Are you insinuating that I don't have a college education and that- for some reason that makes you a better person than I am?	ang
M	Listen, shut your smug mouth, okay?  I don't need that.	ang
F	I'm just saying you don't need to talk to me like I-	neu
M	I've been sitting here for four hours.	ang
F	I'm not a child.	fru
F	I've been here for sixteen.	xxx
M	You people have just been tossing me around like a used hanky.	ang
F	I come here every single day.	xxx
M	You work here.	ang
F	Details, Details.  Well, anyhow can I--	neu
F	so you flew in from Atlanta...	neu
M	My bag from Atlanta.	fru
F	Four...Four hours ago.	neu
M	It's a little black bag with wheels.	fru
F	Do you have any i-?	neu
M	That you wouldn't let me put in the overhead compartment.  You said I had to check it.	xxx
F	I wouldn't let you?   I was not in Atlanta. I was not in Atlanta.	neu
M	It's a tiny little bag.	xxx
F	I had nothing to do with the boarding attendance.  I'm sorry that your seat was wherever it was.	neu
M	It was right in the middle of five different people.  I had a huge fat lady next me, a crying kid on left I went like can I please get a Bloody Mary, please? Will you bring a Bloody Mary?	xxx
F	I have some unfortunate news, uh, that your bag isn't going to be--	neu
F	--arriving any time soon.	neu
M	Just had a really, really stressful day, okay?  And I need my bag; can you please help me get my bag?	xxx
F	I'm really sorry to tell you this but...	neu
M	Okay.	neu
F	It's not.  I can offer you fifty dollars and a reimbursement gift cards for our airline...	neu
F	...and your future...	neu
M	I'm sorry, wait a minute.  Are you saying I'm not going to get my bag at all?	xxx
F	No.	neu
M	It's gone.	xxx
F	Yes.	neu
M	Where is it?  Where did it go?	fru
F	We've actually...	neu
M	You mean did someone steal it? Do people steal bags?	xxx
F	They do as matter of fact.  We don't like to publicize it because	neu
F	people wouldn't Fly our airline.	neu
M	Probably people that work for your company huh?	ang
M	Do you know what was in that little bag that I could have just easily put in overhead compartment but no I had to check?	ang
F	What was that?	neu
M	My computer which has all of my data which I'm collecting right now.	ang
F	That's unfortunate.	neu
M	Yeah it's really unfortunate you know why because I'm going to get fired if I don't get that.  So I need to have that back.	ang
F	That's too bad.	neu
M	Fifty dollars is not going to cover me for my job, okay?	ang
F	I wish I could give it to you.	neu
M	Well you need to find it. Can I just go back there and look through the bags?  Can I just go back there and just go through maybe I'll find it.	ang
F	I wish I-	neu
F	That's not - no.	neu
F	No.	neu
M	It'll be a lot more than what you're doing sitting here and just give me lip service.  I'd like to go back at least do some aggressive searching for my stuff.	ang
F	We have plenty of aggressive searching going on it's not there.  Someone's taken it.	neu
M	Sure, yeah right you have plenty of aggressive searching going on, aggressive searching, drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes.	ang
M	I know what you guys do when you're not working you're union people; you just sit around on your ass.	ang
F	You know I don't need to take this sort of abuse.	fru
M	Well, I don't need to take this kind of abuse either.  I just was trying get back to Atlanta. I just got home, I just want to get my bag and get my stuff. And keep my job.	xxx
F	That's fantastic.	xxx
F	Then why don't you take your fifty dollars. Get yourself a taxi and go shopping tomorrow.	xxx
M	[BREATHING]	fru
M	Thank you very much.	ang

F	Hi.  Um, excuse me I've been to, like, five of the desks here and nobody seems to be able to tell me what it is I need to do.  I've been here for over an hour.  Can you possibly help me?	xxx
M	Uh, lets- What do you need exactly?	fru
F	Well I filled out all the forms and I've given them to everyone and they keep sending me to someone else.	fru
M	You need a new license, is that what you're telling me?	fru
F	Yes.  I'm just trying to get a new license.	fru
M	Let me see the form. Just let me see the form. Yeah.  You filled this out wrong.  I can't - I can't - I can't do anything with this.	fru
F	Okay.  I did-	fru
M	Ma'am I cannot help you.  You need to fill out a new form and you need to get in the back of the line.	fru
F	I did exactly what they told me to do.	ang
F	I have done everything everyone in this entire place has told me to do.  I've been here for over an hour.  They make me wait in line.  Every single time I start over again.	fru
M	Ma'am I can't help you.  Do you understand?	fru
F	I have a life.  I have things to do.  I have places to go.  Can you not just put this through please?	fru
M	I've got a life too ma'am	ang
M	and I got to - i got to work here all day long.  Okay.  I've got to deal with you people all day.	fru
M	So what I need you to do is I need you to fill out this form correctly and go to the back of the line.	fru
F	Okay, that's nice. That's nice but I have done everything you people have told me to do. I don't understand why you can't just help me get this done.  It's simple, right?  License.  I need it. Can we just do this please?	fru
M	There's nothing I can do for you.  Do you understand that?  Nothing.	ang
M	What I need you to do is go to the back of the line,	fru
F	I've been to the back of the line five times.	ang
M	fill out this form and wait	fru
M	You're going to have to go back again.	ang
F	Okay.  What is it that I did wrong on the form that I have to start all over again?	ang
M	This whole area here you didn't initial	xxx
M	and you filled out-	fru
F	Okay.  Well, I can do that right here right now without going to the back of the line again.  See look initialed.  All done. Ready to go.	ang
M	Ma'am I have other people waiting in line right now.  I have other people waiting in line right now.	ang
F	I have been waiting for over an hour.	fru
M	This whole area of the form was not supposed to be filled out and you put the address in the wrong place	fru
M	Uhh, and you spelled your own name wrong.  So I need you to take that	fru
F	I'm not starting over again.  No I have done this five times.  I am not starting over again.	ang
M	and, uh, throw it away. I need you to fill out a new form.	fru
M	Ma'am you're going to have- you- look. You really- you really	fru
F	Look can you not just help me?	fru
M	I can't help you right now.  Do you understand that?	xxx
F	I mean look she's -she's perfectly nice.  She doesn't mind waiting for a couple of minutes because I've been here all day. I have a job to get back to.  I have kids to pick up from school.  I can't just stay here.	ang
M	Look I'm going on my lunch break right now.  So you're just going to have to take this form and go to the back of the line.	xxx
F	No.  No.  No. No. You have to help me.	xxx
M	like I said before right now.	ang
F	This is your job is to help people like me who need to get a new license.	ang
F	That's like the whole purpose of you being here.	xxx
M	Ma'am you are testing my patience.  Do you understand me?	fru
F	I- I- I'm testing your patience?	xxx
M	You're testing my goddamn patience.	ang
F	I'm testing your patience?	ang
M	I work in this fucking building all day. And I'm sick of it, okay?	ang
F	Yeah.  You have to be here all day.	xxx
F	I don't need to be.  I need to go and do other things with my time.  Okay.	ang
F	Please just put the form in, take the picture, let me get my license and get the hell out of here.  Please.	ang
M	I've walked away already.  I'm not here anymore.	xxx

F	Hi.	fru
M	Hi.  Thanks for waiting.	neu
F	Yeah. This is the fourth line that I have been in.	fru
M	Can I help you?	hap
M	Uh huh.	hap
F	I need my bag.	fru
M	Okay.	neu
F	I flew in over three hours ago, I've been in four different lines.	fru
M	Okay.	neu
F	I waited the entire baggage- I waited for the whole baggage carousel four times.  They told me to go to the next one.  I waited through that for three planes and now I'm here.	fru
M	Okay.  Great.  I'm really sorry that you had to do that.  What's your last name?  Let's start there.	neu
F	Nash.	fru
M	Okay.	neu
F	No G.	xxx
M	all right- okay.  And you lost your bag? Is that- that the issue?	neu
F	Yes.	fru
F	Flight seven fourteen.	ang
M	Uh-huh.	neu
F	Am I going to be getting, like, free tickets, free mileage. When can I expect my bag here?	ang
M	Yeah. Yeah, I don't see- I don't see any--	neu
M	I don't see any record of it, and I-usually when I don't see a record of it, that means um-	neu
M	we've mistakenly lost your baggage.  We're very sorry.  On behalf of Jet Blue I would like to apologize for any inconvenience.  I am allowed to issue you a fifty dollar gift card which you can use any future flights you want to take with us.  I'm very sorry, once again...	neu
F	Oh, Are you kidding me?	xxx
M	for such an inconvenience and your bag, but	neu
F	Is this a joke?	ang
M	Yeah.	neu
M	No, no.	neu
F	Are there candid cameras?  Is this that movie? There's that show, right?  Airplane, airline.	ang
M	No, no.  This is real.	neu
F	So you'll give me money and then I'll get my bag?	xxx
M	No.  I'm just giving you money, the bag is gone.  If it's not here, I'm really sorry there is nothing I can do because...	neu
M	this is the only track record that we have and if it's not listed here then it's probably not anywhere.	neu
F	You're kidding me, this is a joke.	ang
M	Once again, I'm really- I'm really sorry.	xxx
F	Do you have any idea-- fifty dollars?  That's supposed to replace everything that I have?  Do you understand how much I have packed in there? Not only does it have sentimental value; it can't be replaced like that.  It was incredibly expensive.	ang
M	Yes.	neu
M	I know.	neu
F	We flew in from Paris.  I've been shopping for three weeks.	ang
M	I'm very sorry.  But if you see the sign that's right behind me here, it spells it out really clearly that we are not held liable--	xxx
F	I don't care what you're freaking sign says.  Somebody- Somebody needs to replace everything I've got there and give me money for my inconvenience.	ang
M	Okay. Calm-	neu
M	Actually, we are not necessarily liable to give you- to even give you this fifty dollars so... it's actually- it's actually really	neu
F	Do you understand who my husband is?	ang
F	If you're- if you're- if you're looking for a lawsuit, baby, you've found it.	ang
M	We are actually not even allowed--  you know, like we don't have to give you this fifty dollars.  We don't have to do that.	neu
F	Oh-Oh.  It's a gift.  You're-You're helping me out here?	ang
M	It's a gift.	neu
M	You know, the airlines can not be held responsible for every bag of luggage that comes through here.	neu
F	You are cruising for a bruising.  You are in so much trouble.	ang
M	With the amount of--	neu
F	Who's in charge?  Who is the president of Jet Blue?	ang
M	Um, actually, I don't know. I don't know. Oh really?	neu
F	Because I probably know him.	ang
F	Yeah.	ang
M	Well then maybe you can just call him and he can give you more money.  But right now all I can do--	neu
F	I don't want money, I want my clothes.	ang
M	Right now all I can do is just give you this fifty dollars, I'm really sorry.	neu
F	What's your name?	ang
M	Oh.  My name is Sean. Hi.	neu
F	Sean.  Great. Do you have a badge number or something?	xxx
M	Badge number?  Uh, no.  You can just take my employee number I guess.	sur
F	Okay.  I'll do that.	ang
M	Why?  Have I done something wrong?  Have I given you bad service?  I feel like I have done the best I could.	sur
F	I don't think you have done everything you could do because I don't have my bag here yet.	ang
M	If you want, you can write a letter.  I can give you the address. Yes.  An angry--	neu
F	A letter? I'll make a personal phone call.	ang
M	Or you can make a phone call.  But I think a letter might be a little more-- in my impression, letters have more...	neu

M	Yeah, hi.  Um, look, I -- all I'm trying to do right now is renew my license plate.  That's all.  I just need to get one of those little stickers.	neu
F	Okay.  What's the problem?	neu
M	And I've- I've- some lady -- I got in line.  I waited for about two hours um, and, I gave her this form	fru
M	that she gave to me earlier. And she said oh, I gave you the wrong one by accident.  So I was hoping I could just fill out a new one, give it to you and sort of skip this whole line business.	fru
F	Okay, um.  Do you have your photo ID with you?	neu
M	Yes, I do.	neu
F	Okay.  This is the wrong form.  I'm sorry.	neu
M	This is -- okay, then just can I have the form that I need.	fru
F	I don't have the form.  You're going to have to go get in that line over there and they will give you the right form.  And after you fill it out, you can bring it back to me.	fru
M	Don't you -- you don't have-	fru
M	are you telling me you don't have a stack of them behind the desk?	fru
F	I don't have any of	fru
F	I don't have any of them over here.  You're gonna have to go get in that line over there.  And they will give you a copy of the form.	fru
M	But you're -- it's the same -- I mean, you can -- like I can't go behind your desk--	fru
F	Nope, I don't. I don't have-	fru
M	or I can't go behind there- you can go behind this person's desk and just grab the form. So if you could just do that; that would help me out a lot.	fru
F	No, I can't. That's-	fru
F	I'm sorry.  You have to do things the way you have to do things here.  We have rules.	fru
M	Look, can you please just-- --make this -- look, I look--	fru
F	Go get in that-- Sir-- Sir, there are people in line behind you. you need	fru
M	look-- It's  been- it's been two hours.  Can you please just make this easier on me and just go and get the form?  It's not- it's really not	fru
F	I'm sorry.  I'm sorry you're having a hard time,	fru
F	but you're gonna have to go get in  that line to	fru
M	What if I pay you money?	fru
M	Can I pay you money?  Can I give you, like, twenty bucks and you'll go back there and get the form?	fru
F	twenty bucks? Please. Go get in that line over there.	neu
M	Come on.  Will you please?  I just --I look, I  cannot-- --just if I --	fru
F	Look, I'm having a really bad day.  I'm off in twenty minutes and I just really don't need this right now, okay.	fru
M	I don't care, well- You're having a bad -- I just waited in line for two hours.	fru
F	And you're gonna have to go wait again, because that's the line you need.	fru
M	Well I just -- I can't do that right -- can you please just grab the form? All you have to do is grab the form.  I'm not gonna ask anything else of you.	xxx
F	I can't do that. It's against our rules. You can go get in that line over there or you can just go ahead and leave and come back another day.  Maybe there will be a shorter line.	fru
M	That's all I- I just- That's all i want you to-	fru
M	Rules, you just have to grab a piece of paper behind from somebody's desk	fru
M	It's not rocket science.	ang
M	Come -- just, please, just grab the form.  It's right over there.	fru
F	I can't do that.	fru
M	I know it's right over there.	xxx
M	Why are you being such a bitch?	fru
F	I'm sorry, but I can't do that.	fru
M	Please, will you please -- will you please just grab the form?	fru
F	So go get in the other line or leave.  Or I will have you escorted out by security.	ang
F	Would you like to be kicked out of the D.M.V.?  You don't think that'll be a little embarrassing?	ang
M	Fine, which line is it?	fru
F	The one you just came from.	fru
M	Okay, fine.  I'll go over there.  Thanks, a lot.  You've been really helpful.	ang
F	Yeah.  Thank you.  Have a pleasant day.	ang

F	Next.	ang
M	Yes, me. Okay, okay here we go.	fru
F	My window is open.	ang
M	Okay, so filled out all these forms  --	fru
F	This is... Your last- Your first name is Jones?	xxx
M	and I have This form of ID here so...	fru
M	Yes, Jones.	neu
F	That's just strange I figured you filled in wrong sections.	xxx
M	Well...	xxx
F	What are you... what's...What are you applying for?	fru
M	I'm just applying for another ID.	fru
F	Another ID?	xxx
M	Yes.  I'm supposed to have three forms of ID for this.  It's a long story, I'm supposed to have three forms of ID for this other job I really don't get into but I need another...	fru
F	Fine.  So I need ID.	xxx
M	I have it right here, yes.	fru
F	No, I need your ID to give you a second ID.	ang
F	It's really simple if you have a problem with it... Maybe you should--	ang
M	But that's...	fru
M	That's why I'm here, that's why I was waiting in this line.  I need to get another form of ID.	fru
F	Well, do you have your passport?	xxx
M	No, I don't have a passport.	neu
F	You have a birth certificate?	fru
M	I don't where it is though, I don't have with me.  Can I get it from somewhere?  I mean...	fru
F	What do you expect me to do?	ang
M	I probably have to go wait another line to get my birth certificate don't I?	fru
F	Probably.	ang
M	You're very helpful.  What's your name?	fru
F	Joy.	xxx
M	Hi, Joy.	xxx
F	Hi.   You know...	xxx
M	So can you help me or not?	fru
F	I am..I don't..I don't understand what you want.  A driver's license or a California ID.	fru
M	Okay. [BREATHING]	fru
M	I need California ID.	fru
F	Okay.	xxx
M	On top of these other two forms of ID which I already have.	fru
F	What... well, do you have a driver's license?	xxx
M	No, I don't have driver's license.	fru
F	Then how am I supposed to give you a California ID?	xxx
M	Did you even look at the form?  I filled it out all these questions--	ang
F	Don't raise your voice with me.	ang
M	Did you even look at the form?  I've already answered these question.	xxx
F	Don't talk to me like I'm a child.	ang
M	Okay.	fru
F	Do you know how long I've been working here? How long have you lived in California?	ang
M	If it makes you stop acting like a child.	fru
M	I have been to California my whole--	xxx
F	Maybe you never been to the D.M.V. before, maybe you should get back in line.  You know what?  sit in line again and if you get my number ask for different one.	ang
M	I am not...I'm not getting to back that line.	ang
M	Okay, okay let's keep our voices down, okay?  I didn't come here to get in yelling match.	fru
F	I'm perfectly calm.	xxx
M	I did not come in here to get in a yelling match with you, all right?	fru
F	Uh huh.  I didn't come here get in yelling match either.	neu
M	Just try and help me.	fru
F	They don't pay me enough to deal people like you.	neu
M	People like me, what is that supposed to mean?  You know, this is ridiculous.  Is there like a manager here, is there someone else that I can talk to?	xxx
F	Why?	xxx
M	Why?	ang
F	Yeah.	xxx
F	So you're not going to send me a thank you card, is that a problem? Is your are not going...	xxx
M	Why, because I'm sick of talking to you.	ang
M	'Cause you're obviously not talking to me, you're just yelling at me, berating me and telling me I can't fill out forms right.	ang
F	Oh, dear. Oh, boo-foo-woo, foo-foo.	xxx
M	Oh, no honey. And you're going to miss the Christmas card too. It's a shame. It's going to be a good, nice picture.	fru
F	Sit back down.	xxx

M	Uhm, I don't know	fru
F	So how you feeling?	neu
M	I don't know what I'm going to do about this; I mean	fru
M	I have got to get a job, you know? Like-	fru
F	You've been doing a lot of work for it, right?	neu
M	Well, yea you know, I get my resumes and I mean I-	fru
F	Right, so the fact you doing the best that you can is -	neu
M	I go out all the places I can, every place that'll give an interview you know.	fru
F	you know you shouldn't give yourself a hard time for that, it's the best you can.	neu
M	But it's been so long, like what - what am I - what am I waiting -- I should probably just do something else, or	fru
F	Well, but you care about what you do, right?	neu
M	I don't know, I mean why - why	fru
M	Yea, but it's - it's almost like it's not worth it you know, if I'm going to waste to have my life like trying to get a job, I mean once I actually do get the job it's like oh, retirement or something. I don't know, you know.	fru
F	I understand that it's so frustrating but I know that you're here because you really want it you know and, and uh	neu
M	Well, and that's what I begin to question after a while is maybe I just don't want it, maybe it's not even worth it, you know, like	xxx
M	I don't even know if it's going to be worth it because I can't break myself in, you know like I can't - can't even get a foot in the door you know.	fru
F	Well, I mean you're still here you've tried for this long so I think that says something all in itself.	neu
M	Yea, it says I'm stupid enough to be trying this long and not move on somewhere else.	fru
F	You are persistence. I mean that's important. that's	neu
M	I mean, I can't- I can't be persistent forever, you know, you can't not have a job forever, you know, I've got- I've got to do something, I've got to make money and get food on the table.	fru
F	Well, you're talented so keep that in mind, you know, you shouldn't give yourself too hard of a time.	neu
M	I mean, maybe I'm not, you know. I don't have a job. Maybe - maybe I'm not as good as-as I thought I was and	fru
M	I just got a whole skewed opinion on just how this is supposed to work out and	fru
F	I'm sorry.	sad
M	I don't know, it's just not, I don't know - I don't know what to do really, you know, I'm just thinking	sad
M	maybe - maybe take up painting, I don't know, you know.	fru
M	Do something that I don't have to go out and do something, stay at home, I don't know.	fru
M	Seems like the only option at this point because obviously the outer world has just rejected me of all possible employment.	fru
F	That's- I mean. There are more factors then just whether you're good or not, you know what I mean like	neu
F	and the fact that you know there is always different types of things and what kind of people they want in the office and whether it's male or female or you know what I mean, like things are out of your control.	neu
F	So you should take that in consideration rather than giving yourself such a hard time.	neu
M	I know, but I mean- if that's the - you know, I'm either like the worst at this or just the most unlucky person on the planet I mean this doesn't	fru
F	It might be the latter I don't know because you're not the worst, I mean you're great, you very talented at what you do.	xxx
M	this doesn't happen to a normal person.	ang
F	You know and the fact you still here and still cooking, like it's good that you're thinking about it, that you're reconsidering.	neu
F	But like, just because you're considering why it's been so difficult doesn't mean you should just stop.	neu
M	I mean, I don't know, I don't see - I don't see any other way - any other way around it right now.	fru
F	Maybe you should take a little break from it, but I don't think you should stop.	neu
M	What am I going to do on a break?	xxx
F	Get out of town or something, I mean you need - you need to clear your head 'cause you seem like you're really frustrated about it. I mean you need to like, be excited about you're doing, rather than, you know upset.	xxx
M	Right. Thanks for talking to me.	sad

M	Alright, so you're not going to believe this.  But I went home today. I looked through the mail.  And I got an acceptance letter from U.S.C..	exc
F	What, no way.	sur
M	I'm going to U.S.C.. Yeah.	exc
F	Really?	sur
M	Yeah, yeah.	exc
F	I didn't even	exc
F	know you applied to U.S.C..	exc
M	I did.  I did. I've -- yeah, I applied to U.S.C..  I mean, it's really expensive but	exc
M	it's a really good school.  So	exc
M	Um, um- yeah, I'm just -- I'm really excited 'cause I don't know.  It's like a whole -- I mean, it's just like, I've been really -- I wanted to go there ever since I was a kid.  So now I actually am and it's awesome.  It's a really nice campus.  Oh, you've been there.	xxx
F	That's amazing.  I've seen it on TV. Um, Wow.  I mean, well what are you going to major in?  What are you going to do?	exc
M	Um, I'm thinking a history and geology minor.	xxx
F	Wow.	xxx
M	Yeah.  I like to know about history, 'cause, you know, it's- it's just so relevant to the present.	hap
F	Right.	exc
M	Yeah.	hap
F	Yes.	exc
M	And, uh-	hap
F	Is U.S.C. known for its history program?	exc
M	Um, you know, I don't think so.  But I think that, you know, it's still a private school	hap
M	and right you know it's still- and then, you know, I mean-	hap
F	I know.  It's a great school and you know	exc
M	I'm guessing, you know it's like I I checked it out.  And, like, they have a decent history program.	hap
F	It's all about the connections	exc
M	So -- and like the geology just is awesome.  It rocks, no pun intended. [LAUGHTER]	hap
F	Oh, you did not just say that.	hap
M	Um, but, uh- anyway -- yeah, so that's awesome, though, because you live here and then we're not going to be separated by me going to some other school	exc
F	I know.  You're going to be so close.	exc
M	And, uh, it's just really exciting.  I- You know, I'm -- just I want to- I want to share this special happy moment with you. It's awesome	exc
F	I'm glad you did.	exc
M	So um	xxx
F	That's great.  I mean, I'm really glad you're not going to go anywhere.  You'll still be here.	exc
M	Yeah, yeah, yeah.  We're only going to be like twenty minutes apart.	xxx
F	Everything in LA is twenty minutes away.	exc
M	Exactly. It's more like twenty five. Twenty five, half an hour,	xxx
F	Give or take. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	But, uh, yeah, so I'm really excited. I can't wait- can't wait to go.  I have to go to orientation,	xxx
F	Well congratulations.	exc
M	umm, and I'm going to check out school and get, you know, check out the courses	exc
M	find out all this stuff.  And- and I don't know.  I think I'm going to try to live in a dorm.	exc
F	Yeah.	exc
M	'Cause, you know, it's like you get to know a lot of people in the dorms and.	xxx
F	Yeah, and then you got that whole communal shower thing which is really appealing.	xxx
M	Well I'll have flip flops for that.  That's not  some- It's not a problem.	xxx
F	Okay. Well, that's a good plan. Shower shoes. Two thumbs up.	xxx
M	Yeah, yeah.  But um, so, yeah.  So it's pretty sweet, huh?  You should go there, too.	xxx
F	Wow. I- I was looking at U.C.L.A.	xxx
M	Ouch.  That's, um -- oh, wow.	neu
F	But, congrats on the U.S.C. thing.	exc
M	No, no, I mean, I didn't know -- I didn't know that about you. Um, I feel like --	neu
F	The -- what, the- I mean--	neu
M	No, I'm just messing with you. I mean, I'm not going to, you know, I mean, I'm not even really a football fan anyway.  So or- or a basketball-	xxx
F	You're not going to -- you're going to go to games, though, right? I mean, you can't go to U.S.C. and not go to a football game.	xxx
M	No. Football's boring.	xxx
F	Just one game, though?  I mean, for the experience.  I mean, you don't have to go to all of the games but you gotta go to a game.	xxx
M	I'll go to basketball games.	neu
F	Okay.  Well that's cool, too, but like--	neu
M	Maybe some golf matches.	neu
F	Wow, you are a winner and a half. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Do they even have any golf matches? I don't even know.	xxx
M	I don't know.  Do they have golf?  Do they have- Does U.S.C. have a -- I don't know if they have a golf team.	neu
F	I don't know. Women's volleyball.	xxx
M	That I'll go to.  Definitely go to women's volleyball.  Women's volleyball, swimming, tennis.	xxx
F	Basically anything women do.	xxx
M	And then men's basketball.  And -- oh, well not women's basketball.	xxx
F	You have to go to a football game.  Come on.	xxx
M	No, I'm not going to go to a football game.	neu
F	Paint some red and yellow S C on your face. And like get one of those big you know, number one hand things.	xxx
M	Forget it. Forget it. Forget it. No way.	neu
F	Maybe one of those megaphones. Pompom.	xxx
M	I do -- I will need to get a gun-	neu
F	There are cheerleaders at football games.  That's girls, scantily clad sexy girls.	xxx
M	You've got a point there.	xxx
F	I know.	xxx
M	I'll take that in consideration.  Alright.	xxx
F	I'm just -- I'm watching your back.	xxx
M	Okay.  Um, but, no, I, uh, I do need to get a gun soon, though, 'cause I mean	neu
F	Excuse me?	neu
M	I need to get like a -- just a small little gun just 'cause -- or like a taser or something or just like a butterfly knife	neu
F	No.	neu
M	'cause, you know, I mean, it's like If I ever want to go south of campus	neu
F	Well just don't go south of campus.  Don't get a gun. That's stupid. I mean-	xxx
M	Well I need to defend myself from	neu
F	Why don't you take kung fu?	xxx

F	Hello.	xxx
M	Hello?	neu
F	Oh God I finally got...you know how long I've been waiting on line?  You put on hold for like five hours.  Geez.	fru
M	I'm sorry ma'am.  What's the nature of your problem?  But first can I get you to tell me your first and last name?	neu
F	I've already been through this five times with these people.  I've been calling every single day.	fru
M	I know I just need to verify every time.  I'm sorry.	neu
F	Olivia Brown.	fru
M	Alright Ms. Brown what's the nature of your problem?	neu
F	Well my phone isn't working and it hasn't been working for the last five days.	fru
M	Oh.  I'm sorry. Um- Did you drop it in water?	neu
F	Yeah, yeah, yeah you better be sorry.	ang
F	No I did not drop my phone in water.  I'm not five years old and just dropped my phone anywhere I see it.  Okay this is my business.	ang
F	Okay?  And it [GARBAGE]. My business is failing because my phone isn't working and I don't have a land line and I really can't handle this right now.	fru
M	Um- well it's probably easy.  Can you any more symptoms either you're not receiving calls----ok, you're not receiving calls, not getting calls.	neu
F	the symptoms- This [GARBAGE] a doctor's office. I'm not receiving calls...I can't receive- no, it's, it cuts me off--	fru
M	Is the phone turned on?	neu
F	Yes the phone turns on.  No I mean I'm using it not turning on the phone.  Of course it turns on.	fru
M	Well, um- okay.  Your sim card is in- didn't fall out-	neu
F	No- I don't have a sim card because it's Verizon and you guys don't use sim cards.	fru
M	Alright.  Um- Well that could be the problem. cause--	neu
M	you might have an older phone where we would use sim cards but probably not.	neu
F	Okay no.  Sir, this is the deal.  My phone isn't working and I don't care what the problem is but it needs to work.  That's why I'm paying you guys to fix it.	fru
M	Okay.  How about this we'll send you a brand new camera phone with palm pilot-- and-	neu
F	I don't know even how to use that stuff it's too complicated.  I just want my flip phone to work----that's all I need	fru
M	So we'll send it- And we'll give you, how about a free year's service?	neu
F	Look, I am on the road all the time.  Do you understand how important?  I'm a woman, a single mother by herself working...what?	fru
M	Tell them my name.  My name is Brent Backersen.	neu
F	Brent Backersen, I am writing this down, Brent Backersen.  Alright.	fru
M	Okay.  Tell them my - my ID number is two one three five.	neu
M	Tell them that.  You can go in, get a brand new phone, they'll hook you up with service even give you a free three months--	neu
F	I, I, I don't want a contract. Okay. I don't want any contracts.	fru
M	It will be free.  No contract okay?	neu
F	Really?  No contract?	fru
M	Go in there, yeah, go in there.  Tell them Brent Backersen sent you.	neu
F	I want the best freaking camera phone there is though.  I want the really good kind--	xxx
M	the top of the line camera phone, game boy, anything you want. For free. And palm pilot.	neu
F	And palm pilot.	xxx
F	And charger and accessories and I want a cover that's pink.	xxx
M	They might only have orange.	neu
F	no	xxx
M	Okay.  They can figure out pink for you.  So go in there and just tell them that and they'll hook you up with other goodies, stuff like that free service, no contract, no nothing.  Just for being a good customer	neu
M	and battling through with us.	neu
F	Alright. Well-  I guess - I guess that's okay but,	neu
F	you better promise me.	xxx
M	Yes.  You just tell them Brent Backersen sent you.	neu
F	Okay.	neu
M	Alright?  Great.  Have a nice evening.	neu
F	Alright Thanks.	neu

M	So, how's it going?	neu
F	It's going really well.  Um, I received something in the mail today.	xxx
M	Oh, you got what?  Where?	exc
F	I got into U.S.C.	exc
M	Oh, no way.	exc
F	Yeah, I'm so excited.  So I'm gonna say--	exc
M	Are you gonna go? you gonna-	exc
F	Yeah, I think, I mean because where else would I gonna go?  Like the other places that I applied to I really didn't like that much anyway.	exc
F	So--	exc
M	Wow, that's...	exc
M	...that's first choice, huh? That's so awesome and now look you're gonna be--you're gonna be here. you know	exc
F	Yeah, I know.	exc
F	Absolutely. I'm so excited.	exc
F	I know.  I know. And we'll all get to hang out.  And I'm--even though we'll be at like at different parts of the city, we can still, like...	exc
F	...hang out and, like, have our different lives--And meet each other's friends and stuff.  So, I'm just so glad 'cause they have such a good school	exc
M	Yeah, no, definitely--It's gonna..	exc
M	Yeah.	exc
F	and like-- The football team--And like all the-...you- what I mean, like...	exc
M	Yeah	exc
M	Fight on.	exc
F	You can walk somewhere and be anywhere in the country and be like, oh, yeah, I am at U.S.C.	exc
F	And you know what, you know what I mean, like it's recognizable rather than just being like I went some random school. It's like people really know what you...	exc
M	[LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Wow. That's cool.	exc
F	...like, they feel like--I feel like it's going to be so like accomplished.  Do you know what I mean?	exc
F	Like it has some prestige. so	exc
M	Yeah. Hey. Prestigious school.	xxx
M	So, what, do you have to send in your deposit now?  Or what you-?	xxx
F	Yeah, I mean there's all the money stuff and my mom's helping me with the financial aid and stuff.  But, it'll be fine--	exc
F	Like, now that I'm accepted, it's just, like, such a huge load off my mind.	exc
M	That's great.	xxx
F	I don't mind worrying about all the paperwork.  You know--	exc
M	Yeah.	xxx
M	So...	neu
F	Because, I don't have to like make that decision anymore.  I don't have to try and decide, like, what the bad school I'm going to go to is. you know	exc
M	Right.  Right.  Right. Oh, man, then you're going to have to do orientation, I guess.	exc
F	I know. I know.  I think you go and you like stay for a couple of days and you meet people and--And they'll give you like a tour--And show you everything.  Oh, man, I'm just so--I'm so excited.	exc
M	That'll be awesome.	hap
M	I mean because you went to the campus before, right?	hap
F	Yeah, oh totally.  It's a beautiful campus.  It's gonna be really nice.  Um, and everyone is friendly and like there's ivy on all the walls.  Oh, it's just so--it's so like collegiate.	exc
F	You know what I mean?  Like, it's like exactly what I want.	exc
M	So what're you--what're you gonna do there?  Have you decided?  Thought about it?	xxx
F	Well, you know, I've thought about it but they have so many things that I might--Like try some things out first...	exc
M	I know.  I mean, it's good all around.	xxx
F	...because also on the list of their, um, like G.E.'s or whatever, you have a lot of choices within every single one.  So you can, like, try things out and not just be like, oh, I have to take math, oh, I have to take this.  You know what I mean?	exc
F	So, um, so I don't know.	exc
M	[LAUGHTER]	xxx
F	I mean I'm gonna take a bunch of stuff and see.	exc
M	Oh man.	exc
F	I- They have like--they just have so many like prestigious like this school is top ten and like the departments within it, you know what I mean.	exc
M	I always see people walking around with like U.S.C stuff on--	xxx
F	I know, I get to be one of those now--I'll like walk around and be like a U.S.C..  You know what I mean.	exc
M	You know is like.	xxx
M	I know.	xxx
M	Ahh. Yeah. [GARBAGE]	exc
M	You'll be like are you a fan or a student you know? Student. [LAUGHTER] Oh man, that's awesome.	exc
F	And you'll be like...	exc
F	Student. I'm a student. Yes I am, Thank you very much.	exc
F	[BREATHING]	exc
M	A U.S.C. graduate now. You're set.	exc
F	I know.  I'm excited.	exc
F	Well, that'll take a while. [GARBAGE]	exc
M	I know, that's a ways down the road. That's cool.	xxx
F	That's going to be a lot of work.	exc
F	But, it'll be fine, I mean.  I'm so excited. It's going to be so fun.	exc
M	In LA. Oh man.	xxx
F	I know, and I mean the area's not great, but like the school makes up for it. It'll be fine. It'll be good.	exc
M	So much.	xxx
M	But it's LA, you know, everything.	xxx
M	You're getting close to the beach.  I mean geez.	exc
F	I know. I know. So fun.  I can't wait.	exc
M	Cool.  Well give me a call, you know when--You get in town. definitely Awesome.	xxx
F	I will. I will. Thank you.	exc
F	Thanks.	exc

M	Hey, I'm, uh. I'm really sorry about what happened.  I don't um- I mean what you can you do?  I mean it's-	sad
F	Thanks.	sad
M	When I was seven, my- my grandmother died and I really- I don't know, I mean it was really hard to let go but the important thing is- is that you do let go and your realize that, you know, they- you know, they- this person had fun while they were- while they were here and, uh, you know, you work- you work through it.	sad
F	You know it's just, I just, you know, I mean it just happened.  I just, like- I just keep expecting him to walk in, you know.	sad
M	Mmhmm. Yeah.  Yeah.  I mean it's- it's hard.  It's hard.	sad
F	I just- I just thought he would have longer, you know, because I'm- I mean when he found out he was sick, we knew that wasn't good but I just- I just thought that it would take longer, you know?	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
M	Well I mean, you know, I mean it was I mean with that kind of condition,	neu
F	Yeah. I know. I know.	sad
M	you know, it's inevitable  and I mean honestly it's- it's almost like	sad
M	you know, you don't- you know, how long do you want the person to go through that, you know.	neu
M	It's sort of- it's almost better off to rest in peace than he is to live in pain.	neu
F	Yeah, I know. But I'd rather have him here with me, you know. It's just not fair.  I mean he- he didn't get to do like anything. I mean he was-	sad
F	He was only twenty four and just so many things that we were going to do, you know, and now he won't get to do them and he won't get to be here when I do.  You know, like I'll get married some day and he won't be there, like, he won't get to see that.	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
F	It just doesn't seem fair.	sad
M	It's not fair but I mean that's, you know, the course of life is that, you know, you meet people and you lose them.	sad
M	You're okay	sad
F	Thank you for being here.	sad
M	You know I think- I think we should celebrate because I think that's what he would have wanted.	sad
F	[LAUGHTER] You're probably right.  He probably would be pissed if we were all sitting around being upset about it. He'd want us to have a party.	hap
M	Yeah.	neu
F	And to drink in his honor. [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	That's right.  That's right.  I mean he would want us to, you know, celebrate the life that he- that he lived and, you know, enjoy the rest of ours as much as we can.	sad
F	Yeah, I know.	sad
M	So-	sad

F	Why did you invite her here?	ang
M	Why? Does that bother you?	xxx
F	She's been in New York for three-and-a-half years. She don't just suddenly come and-	ang
M	Well, maybe, maybe he just wanted to see her.	neu
F	You don't travel seven hundred miles just to see.	ang
M	What do you mean? They lived next door to each other their entire lives. Why shouldn't he want to see her? Hey, don't look at me like that. I don't know anymore than you do.	xxx
F	He's not going to marry her.	xxx
M	How do you know he's even thinking about it?	neu
F	It's got that about it.	ang
M	Well, so what?	neu
F	What's going on here, Joe?	xxx
M	Listen, kid-	fru
F	She's not Larry's girl. She knows that.	ang
M	You can't read her mind.	neu
F	Then why is she married? Then why isn't she married? She's been in New York and there's hundreds of single men there.	xxx
F	I'm sure hundreds of them asked her and told her that she's foolish, but no.	xxx
F	She's waited.	xxx
M	How do you know why she's waited?	neu
F	Because she thinks like me, that's why.	xxx
F	She's faithful as a rock, don't you know. In my worst moments I can think of her-	sad
F	I think again, that I'm-I'm right.	xxx
M	Look, it's a nice day. What are we arguing for?	neu
F	Nobody in my house better ever dare-dare to challenge her faith. Maybe strangers, but not his father, not his brother.	ang
M	Calm yourself.	neu
F	Because he's not coming back. Then what do I got to live for? I'll kill myself.	xxx
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Don't, don't laugh at me, don't laugh at me.	ang
F	Look at it. Because why, when she came here and she slept in his room, the memorial broke into pieces. Look at it, look at it, Joe.	ang
M	All right. All right. Calm yourself.	ang
F	You got to believe, believe with me because I can't stand all alone.	xxx
M	Okay. Just calm yourself.	fru
F	No, you've got to believe.	sad
F	Believe, Joe. You above all people have got to believe.	xxx
M	Why me, above all?	ang
M	Huh?	ang
M	Why me above all?	ang
F	You got to keep believing.	sad
M	Look at you, you're shaking.	ang
F	I can't help it.	sad
M	What have I got to hide?	ang
M	Huh? What the hell's the matter with you, Kate?	ang

F	Hello.  Thank you for calling Dell Taco Corporate.  Can I help you?	hap
M	Yeah, um.  I have been trying to reach somebody who will refund, uh, my money.	fru
M	Um, I basically, um I- I ordered some food	neu
M	um and everything was pretty much uh- uh- just not done right. All the orders were messed up.	fru
F	Okay.  Well, Did you go through the automated menu?  Most of your requests can be taken care of through that.	neu
M	Yes, I did and that didn't- I got through to, like, one operator and she sent me to like three others	fru
M	and now I'm talking to you.  And all I want is my money back.  That's all I'm asking for. It's not much.	xxx
F	Okay.  Well I'd be happy to-	neu
M	If you could just give me that, then I will leave you alone. And just- if i could also- What?	fru
F	Okay, sir.  I'd be happy to help you.	fru
F	Sir, can- can you tell me which branch you went to.  We can start there.	neu
M	Yeah, Beverley Hills.	xxx
F	Okay.  Um, and what was the complaint?	neu
M	The food was prepared incorrectly.	fru
M	I asked for no tomatoes.	fru
F	Can you be a little more specific, sir?	neu
M	I asked for no tomatoes on six tacos.  I got tomatoes and onions on all of them,	xxx
M	Um, hairs were found in three out of the six.	xxx
F	Did you try to take them back and get your order fixed, sir?	fru
M	Yeah.  I did and they're like you've got to take it up with corporate, and I'm like well fine.  I'll have your ass by the end of the day and so now I'm trying to do that.	xxx
F	Well I'm very sorry, sir.  They should have dealt with it at that particular branch.  I apologize for that, uh, but we can help you.  That's no worries.  We can take care of that.  So how much did you need to be refunded?	neu
M	It was a hundred a sixty dollars.  I'm sorry, uh, sixteen dollars.	neu
F	Okay.  Um, I'm going to go ahead and transfer you over to another department.  They'll need your address.	neu
M	Look, I don't want to be transferred over to another- All I want to do is just give you my name and address so you can send me a check.	ang
M	Okay.  You understand that's all I want. Just don't give me a problem with this.  Okay, please because I'm very sensitive right now	ang
M	and if I get sent to another operator, I'll have to tell them the same damn story again.  I don't- I think I'm just going to lose my mind.  So if you could please just not do that, that would be great.  Thank you.	ang
F	I understand, sir.  I will explain to them what the situa-	fru
M	You don't understand because you've never gone to Del Taco and gotten the service that I've gotten.  You don't understand.	ang
F	You're right sir.  It is your particular situation but I will call the other operator.  I will explain to them what's going on. You won't have to tell your story again.	xxx
M	You're not going to call the other operator. You're not going to call the the other operator.	ang
M	You're going to fill out a form on your desk	ang
M	because I know you're at a desk right now in your stupid corporate building and you're going to send me a check for sixteen dollars and forty two cents.	ang
F	Okay, sir.  They- they have to-	fru
F	Sir.	fru
F	Sir, they have to take down your address at the other station.  I will transfer.  I will explain everything to them.  It will all be fine.  I promise.	fru
M	What's your name?	fru
F	Cindy?	fru
M	Cinnee?	xxx
F	Cindy.	xxx
M	Cindy?  Cindy what?	ang
F	Sir, I don't think my name is really relevant-	fru
M	Cindy, look.  If you don't get your ass a piece of paper that has a check	ang
M	attached to it and you don't send it to me, I'm going to get very upset.	ang
F	Alright, sir. Sir.  I'm going to transfer you to the address.	fru
F	Alright.  You know what, sir.  The customer is always right.	fru
M	You know what.  I- You know what? You know what? No, it's fine. it's fine it's fine You know what?	fru
F	I will go ahead and I will take- I will take	fru
M	Hey, Cindy. Cindy, look I know this is not your fault.  Do whatever you want.	fru
M	Send me to whatever operator. I just- You know what?  I'm just done.  I'm just done.  I've lost all hope.	fru
F	Sir, customer satisfaction is our first goal.  I will go ahead and take your number and your address down myself.	xxx
M	of getting my sixteen dollars back. It fine, no honestly.	fru
M	No, Cindy just don't even-look don't even.  Cuz I- look Cindy I know you don't care about me, okay.  I know that I'm just like another person who calls-	fru
F	Wait. But I-	xxx
F	But I'm giving you what you want.	ang
M	No it doesn't matter.  It's fine.  It's fine.  Just send me to the next operator.  That's fine.	fru
F	Okay.  If that's what you want, you want to go to the next person?	fru
M	Yes.	xxx
F	Okay.  Great.	fru

M	What time is it?  I think it's supposed to run around midnight, right?  God, this is great, isn't it, Carla?  Look at this night we got here, huh.	xxx
M	Actually I want to get a little further up the coast, get away from all like the lights and the people, but...  How are you doing?	xxx
F	Fine.	neu
M	Okay.  Is that, is that--	exc
M	No.  That's just foam.  I don't know.  I can't tell.	xxx
F	[BREATHING]	fru
M	I don't know, probably if you can't tell, though, it's probably not them, right?  It's probably going to be like this unmistakable thing, right?	xxx
M	Oh no.  you know what I forgot?	xxx
F	What?	xxx
M	My flashlight.  God, how could I be so stupid?  I can't believe I forgot my flashlight.	xxx
F	What flashlight?	sur
M	The flashlight, the silver one.  There's only one, isn't there?	neu
F	That's not your flashlight.	neu
M	Whose is it?	neu
F	It's ours; it's my flashlight too.	xxx
M	Oh...well. Yeah, of course.	neu
F	You keep saying my flashlight like it's just yours.	ang
M	No.	neu
F	How's that supposed to make me feel?	ang
M	Of course, our flashlight.  What's yours is mine.  Me flashlight es su flashlight.	neu
M	Naturally.  God, how could we not think to bring it?  I hope the moon stays out, though.	fru
M	Do they always run during a full moon?  I don't remember.  Was it full last year?	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
M	Huh.  Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  No?  you know, we should have brought the blanket?  Our blanket.	neu
M	Aw.  Do you know, I should have brought a six pack, too.  A six pack, that would be just the ticket right about now.  Huh?	neu
M	God, I'm so excited, I'm like a kid.  I can't believe I got out of the house with my fly zipped up.	exc
F	[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	I wonder if they can hear me talk or like feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around.	xxx
F	I'm cold.	sad
M	Do you want my jacket?	fru
F	It's after eleven, let's go.	xxx
M	What?  We just got here.  What's the point of coming all the way down here if we just turn around and go home?	xxx
F	There is no point.	xxx
M	Right.	neu
F	That's my point.	xxx
M	Wait, that's my point, too.	neu
F	Well, then let's go.	fru
M	No, no.  Okay.  That's not my point.  My point is there is no point in coming down here if we just turn around and go home.  Don't you want to see it?	fru
F	Not particularly.	neu
M	Why not?	neu
F	I just don't.  It's stupid.	xxx
M	Honey, this is like a natural phenomenon. I mean... People in Kansas would have to get plane reservations and get hotel rooms to see this.  It's just forty minutes away for us; it's too good to pass up.	neu
F	Pass what up?  I mean these fish swim out of the ocean, they flop around on the beach, they swim away and then they die.	fru
M	Yeah.  But this..this moment on the beach is like the highlight of their little lives.  All that flopping around is laying eggs or what to do - spawning or mating or whatever.	neu
M	This is a big night for these little guys.  It's like life's last orgy.	neu
F	I don't see why you're so excited; this isn't a freaking moon landing we are talking about.  It's fish.  It's a fish nobody even eats.	xxx
M	Yeah they do.	fru
F	Oh Augie	fru
M	okay... well, Whatever.  But it's a fish who do something no other fish do.  It's like those swallows returning to Capistrano or like those lemmings that throw themselves off the cliffs.	xxx
M	There's like mystery here, there's magic.  It's like a little bit of the unexplainable.  I just can't see how you're not interested.	neu
F	I'm just not.	xxx
M	For real?	sur
F	Yeah.	fru
M	God, I don't get it.  you know the first time we came here, you said it was the best night of your life?	neu
M	And last year, I remember distinctly you said, you were so excited to get here that you don't remember you stubbed your toe until we were in the car.	neu
F	Last time, you'll also remember, we got our shoes wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat and we got into a big fight and we did not see the grunions.	xxx
M	Ahh...we weren't in a good spot.	neu
F	Hmm.  We didn't see them the year before either.	fru
M	We just weren't in a good spot.  I'm telling you, this is a much better spot.  I have instincts for these things.	neu
M	Look there, see?  What's that?  No, that's - that's just seaweed.	exc
M	God, this is great.  Think about this.  I know you are not interested, but just think about this.	hap
M	Right now out there, there is this mass of silver fish and it's heading this way.  No one sent them an invitation, no one told them, no one even gave them a map.	xxx
M	Just all at once, they turned and they formed this line as long as the California coast.  And some instinctual little firecracker went off in their bodies and they all just turned as one and started swimming.	exc
M	They are swimming right now.  They are swimming as if that is the only thing that matters to them.	xxx
M	It's single mindedness with no mind.  It is urgency that is just pure urge.	exc
M	And they are swimming right now to this very point where we stand for this huge celebration of sex and death.	xxx
M	Oh look.  I'm giving myself goose bumps, my hairs are standing up on my arm.	xxx
F	That's the wind.	neu
M	So what do you think?	hap
F	About what?	neu
M	About all of that, about all I was talking about.	hap

M	Well, so what do you think?	exc
F	About what?	neu
M	What I was saying.	neu
F	It's ridiculous.	fru
M	It certainly is not.  It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	neu
F	It's PR.  Somebody sold you a bill of goods that this wonderful event is gonna take place on the beach.	xxx
M	Well, I'm not the only one.  Look at all these people.	neu
F	Sure, everybody's told the same story.  It keeps us all excited.  It keeps us coming back for more.  It keeps us thinking that life is gonna start any second now if we could just find the right spot and get in on the action.	xxx
M	Are we talking about the same thing?	xxx
F	Well, I'm sorry, but it's still just fish to me.	xxx
M	Carla, can I ask you something?  Don't take this wrong, but are you having your period?	neu
F	God damn it, Augie, don't ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  You always ask me that.  It's insulting.	ang
M	Well, what's bugging you?	fru
F	We just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.	ang
M	There's nothing to it.  We come here, the grunion arrive, they do their little fish business, we go ooh, ah, look at the fish.  They go home. We go home.	neu
F	For heaven sake, we're not going to see the grunions.	fru
M	Why not?	fru
F	We never do, do we?  I mean, have we ever?	fru
M	We've missed them twice.  That's not ever.	neu
F	Twice is every time we've tried. That's ever.	fru
M	Well, we'll see them this year.	neu
F	No, we won't.  It's pointless.  It's like waiting up to see Santa Claus.	fru
F	I mean, I feel like my whole life is gonna be spent standing on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for the fish to show up.  And the fish won't show up.	ang
M	I thought you wanted to see it.	fru
F	You don't understand anything I'm saying.	fru
M	No, of course not.	fru
F	I did want to see it.  I always do.  I keep thinking that this is gonna be the time and it never is.	fru
M	It's just fish.  Nothing to get traumatized about.	neu
F	For heaven sake, this isn't about fish.	xxx
M	All right.  Look, I've been trying to work this backwards, but I cannot seem to figure out the exact moment that we took a turn for the worst.	fru
M	I mean, you were-  you were fine during the phone call from Marge.  Dinner was okay.  Doing the dishes was no problem.  Let's see.  I took a shower.  You watched the news.	xxx
M	You said, "Hey the grunion are running tonight."  I said, "Great, let's go.  I feel lucky."	neu
M	Okay, so I'm putting on my jacket, putting out the animals, getting the car out of the garage--	neu
F	Do you remember the first time we came to see it?  It was about four years ago, right after we got married.	sad
F	I thought I was pregnant, you had a bottle of champagne, but no glasses.  You asked me to dance, so we kicked off our shoes and you popped the cork.	sad
F	And while we were dancing, you said the softest, most intimate things to me right into my ear so that I could feel them as much as hear them.	sad
F	And I remember thinking, this is it.  You know, at last--at last I am as happy as I am supposed to be.	sad
M	Wait a minute.  I've got it.	neu
F	Just dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.	sad
M	It was in the car, right?  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, "let's get some champagne," and I said, "time's a wasting" or something like that, right?	neu
M	Yeah, of course, I see it now.  You want this to be like that other time, right?  That's it, right?	neu
F	I'd rather not remember some things.  I would rather not hope for some things.	sad
M	Okay, yeah, sure, I see it now.  Listen, you wanna dance?	neu
F	No.	sad
M	You want me to go get some champagne?	neu
F	No.	sad
M	Take off our shoes?	neu
F	No. No.	xxx
M	Well, what?  You want me to breathe in your ear?	fru
F	No.	sad
M	You wanna get married again?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	What?  What?  You want a divorce?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A vacation?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A new carpet?  A poodle?  Ice cream?  Back rub?  A suicide pact?  What?  What?  Carla, what the hell do you want?	fru
F	I want something to turn out the way that it's supposed to.	xxx
M	Well, welcome to the human race.  Do you think this is what I had in mind when I proposed?  That four years down the road, we'd be at the beach yelling at each other over fish?	ang
M	No.  You think I knew that there'd be times when you'd look at me like a used Kleenex?  Or that I'd look at you and think, holy hell, when's the next flight to Alaska?	xxx
M	No, Carla, I'm just like you.  I thought it was gonna be all peaches and roses and sand in our toes and wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'll have three fat rosy kids and ha, ha, baby, the joke's on us	sad
M	'cause you know what you get, Carla?  You know what you get?  This.	fru
F	This.  What?  What is this?  This isn't even anything.	xxx
M	Yes, it is.	neu
F	Uh, right this is standing on the beach.  This is waiting.  This is fighting.	xxx
M	Right.	neu
F	Well.  This isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.	sad
M	I know, me neither.	sad
F	I mean, this is just this.  It includes a lot and everything, but it isn't something else.  Do you have any idea what I'm trying to say?	xxx
M	I'm doing the best I can.	sad
F	I know that, Augie.  Really, I do.	sad
F	I know that you meant this to be special and nice and the sand and the moon and all, but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.	sad
M	Maybe if you were with somebody else too.	sad
F	I didn't say that.	sad
M	No, I know.  But still.  I know I don't make you happy.	sad
F	Oh, for heaven sake, whatever I'm doing, I'd rather be doing it with you.	xxx
M	Yeah?	sur
F	Oh, don't be ridiculous.  I mean, don't you know that?	xxx
F	You're the one who probably wishes you were with someone else.  Someone who--you'd rather enjoy yourself and didn't take everything so hard.	sad
M	Well, now that you mention it.  No, I don't.	xxx
F	Okay.  Fine so.  We're in the wrong spot, but we're with the right person.	xxx
M	I don't know.  It seemed like a pretty good spot to me.  I mean, look at the view you have of the moon from here.	hap
F	Yeah, I noticed that.  Looks pretty, doesn't it?  Big ol' white moon.	xxx
M	Well, look what we have here.	hap
F	Augie, you brought refreshments.	hap
M	It's not champagne.	hap
F	Well, then we don't need glasses.	hap
M	You still cold?  Do you wanna go home?	xxx
F	No.  I think you might be right.  Maybe this is the spot after all.	hap
F	Augie, I'm sorry.	sad
M	Shh.  If we're very quiet the fish might come.	hap
F	Or not.	hap
M	Or not.	hap

F	You're the only one who still loves his parents.	neu
M	I know.  It kind of went out of style, didn't it?	neu
F	It's not so bad; it's a good thing.	neu
F	[BREATHING] You know, it's lovely here.  The air is sweet.	neu
M	You're not sorry you came.	neu
F	I'm not sorry, no. But I'm...I can't stay.	neu
M	Why not?	xxx
F	For one thing, your mother much as told me to go.	neu
M	Well.	neu
F	And then, you.  You've been kind of...	neu
M	What?	neu
F	Sort of embarrassed ever since I got here.	neu
M	Well I was kind of planning of sneaking up on you over the course of a week or so.  They just take it for granted that we're all set.	neu
F	I knew they would.	neu
M	You did?	xxx
F	Well sure, from your mother's point of view.  Why else would I come?	neu
M	So would you want to?  I mean, I guess you have to know that's kind of why I asked you to come?	xxx
F	I, umm. I guess, I guess that's kind of why I came.	neu
F	[BREATHING]	hap
M	I love you. Annie, I love you.	hap
F	[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	I don't really have any imagination, that's all I know how to say.	hap
F	[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	Am I embarrassing you? Are you - See, I didn't want to do it here with this yard, on this porch.  I wanted it to be somewhere new, some place fresh for both of us.	hap
F	No. No	hap
M	You feel uncomfortable here, you feel that it's wrong here somehow.  I just...I don't...I didn't want...I didn't want to take you away from anything.	xxx
F	Chris, I've been ready a long, long, time.	neu
M	And he's gone forever?  Are you sure?	xxx
F	I almost got married two years ago.	neu
M	Why didn't you?	xxx
F	You started to write me.	neu
M	You felt something that far back?	sur
F	Every day since.	hap
M	Why didn't you let me know?	hap
F	I was waiting for you, Chris.  You sure can be ambiguous, you know.  And when you did finally write me,	xxx
M	Give me a...	hap
M	Give me a kiss.	hap
M	God.  I kissed you Annie.	xxx
F	beating around the bush.	hap
F	I will never forgive you.  All I'd done was sit around wondering if I was crazy waiting so long, wondering if you were thinking about me.	hap
M	Oh Annie, we are going to live now.  I am going to make you so happy.	hap
F	Not like that you're not.	hap
M	I kissed you.	hap
F	Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.	neu
F	Chris, what is it?	xxx
M	Hey, let's drive some place.  Huh?  Let's get out of here.	sad
F	No. What is it?  Is it your mother?	xxx
M	No it's nothing like that. It's-	sad
F	Then what?  Chris.  Even in your letters, there was something ashamed.	xxx
M	Yeah.  I suppose I have been. But it's going from me.	sad
F	You've got to tell me.	xxx
M	I don't even know how to start.	sad
F	It wouldn't work like this.	xxx
M	It's just all mixed up with so many other things, you know?  You know overseas I was in command of a company?	sad
F	Yeah, sure.	neu
M	Well I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	neu
M	Pretty much all.	sad
F	Aw, geez.	sad
M	You can't just toss off a thing like that because they weren't just men. You know?	sad
M	Like for instance, there was this one time it had been raining for several days and this kid he just came up to me and he gave me his last pair of dry socks.  He just put them in my pocket.  That's a little thing, you know, but that's what kind of guys I had.	sad
M	They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other.  I mean that, exactly.  Just a little more selfish and they would all be here today.	sad
M	And I had this idea as I was watching them go down.  Everything was being destroyed, you know, but this one thing was being made.  It was kind of a monument, it's kind of responsibility, man for man.	xxx
F	Mmhmm.	neu
M	To bring that on to the earth again, you know, is like some kind of monument and I thought I would just make a difference to them.	sad
M	But then I came home and it was incredible, you know?  The whole thing was just kind of this random bus accident.  You know, I went back to the rat race again, I went to work.	sad
M	Driving my new car and seeing a new refrigerator.	xxx
M	I mean...You can't take those things out of a war. when you drive that car and you see that new refrigerator, you have to know that it came out of the love that a man can have for another man.	xxx
M	And I didn't want any of it. I guess that included you.	sad
F	Do you still feel that way?	xxx
M	I just want you to know Annie.	neu
F	Because you mustn't feel that way.  Everything you have, you've earned - everything.  you understand me?	xxx
F	Even me.  And your money?  Chris, there's nothing wrong in your money.  Your father put hundreds of planes into the air, you should be proud of that.  A man should be paid for that.	xxx
M	Annie, Annie.  I am going to make a fortune for you.	xxx
F	What would I do with a fortune?	hap

M	Hey, Isabella.	neu
F	Hey, how's it going, Joe?	xxx
M	I'm all right.	neu
F	Uh-, So I got some good news.	hap
M	Yeah?	xxx
F	Yep.	xxx
M	You're not pregnant or anything.	neu
F	Pregnant? What are you talking about? No.	sur
M	I know you've been trying to have a baby, right?	neu
F	I have some better news than that.	hap
M	Oh, really?	xxx
F	Yes, What would you want more than anything in this world?	hap
M	A chocolate cake?	xxx
F	How about maybe for me to possibly stay in L.A.?	xxx
M	Oh, wow. You got in?	xxx
M	Which one?	exc
F	I got--U.S.C.. I got- Yeah, I got the acceptance letter.	exc
M	oh really?	sur
M	You got in? Wow.	xxx
F	Yes, me, I got in. Thank you very much.	exc
M	Good for you.	exc
F	Yeah, I know, my mom called me. I was with my girlfriend in Boston, and uh- she got the letter and she called me, she said I don't know, do you want me to open it? And I was like yes, open it. And she opened it and she goes oh, I'm sorry, Nat.	exc
F	And I was like what? She's like, you know, you didn't get in. Totally plays it off. Like I didn't get in. And I'm like, I start almost crying.	xxx
F	And my mom was like Natalie, Natalie, it's [GARBAGE], you know-	exc
M	oh yeah.	neu
F	and so, I mean, I got in.	hap
M	Oh, Jesus. That is so amazing.	exc
F	So now I can stay here and now we can party. I know.	hap
M	Party. You want to get drunk tonight?	exc
F	Yeah, why not.	exc
M	Yeah, we're going to celebrate.	exc
F	We're not twenty one yet, but whatever.	neu
M	Yeah, I'm only eighteen so it's--go get drunk.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER]. I'm so excited, Joe. Oh, man, I-- And I got in--I got into the school of theatre, so it's like-	exc
M	Shit. That's-	sur
M	Oh, my God. That's--I heard it's top five-- --in the Grauman scale or something.	sur
F	Yeah. It's really cool.	hap
F	Yeah.	xxx
F	Top five in the nation.	hap
M	Who-whooooo. Miss Acti- Acting Pants.	exc
F	Acting Pants? So what are you going to do? Are you--you're be--you're going to stay here, right?	exc
M	Acti- acting pants.	xxx
M	I got into film school at the Art Academy.	neu
F	Awesome. We're both going to be in L.A.	exc
M	So I'm going to be--yeah. I'm going to make films; you're going to be in them.	exc
F	I'm so excited. Yeah, I thought I was going to go to Boston, but then--	exc
M	Fuck Boston.	neu
F	Oh man, I'm so excited. So much to do.	hap
M	Boston smells bad. L.A. is so much cooler.	xxx
F	There's so much culture here, you know? It's just like-- --all great restaurants and-	xxx
F	I'm just so excited to start my life.	hap
M	We should uh- go to Little Ethiopia.	neu
F	Oh, and you sit down and you have the sponge bread-- --and eat the--drink the beer. Ugh, I love that stuff. I'm so excited.	exc
F	Are you going to come stay in my dorm with me sometime?	exc
M	Hell, yeah. Pass out.	exc
F	Yeah. I'll get like one of those little--	exc
F	Yeah. Those little-- --mattresses. I'll put it by my bed.	exc
M	-drunk.	exc
M	No, I'll sleep in your bed. Cuddle up.	exc
F	Oh, I don't think so. Hmm-mm. No.	xxx
M	Uh-oh.	exc
F	That's going to--that'll be reserved for somebody else.	neu
M	Oh, hey. Freshman slut. That's you gona need.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] Hello? I am not.	hap
M	That's what you got to be though, freshman year.	xxx
F	No, I don't. I'm not like that.	xxx
M	Yeah.	exc
M	Well, get used to it.	neu
F	[LAUGHTER]. No, you'd get used to it.	hap
M	Hey, I'm already getting used to it.	hap
F	[LAUGHTER]. Oh, Joe, I'm so happy.	hap
M	Me too, Isabella.	hap

M	Look at this, all of the hairs are standing up on my arm.	exc
F	That's the wind.	neu
M	Well, so, what do you think?	exc
F	About what?	neu
M	About what I was saying.	neu
F	I think it's ridiculous.	xxx
M	It certainly is not.  It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	xxx
F	It's PR! Somebody sold you a bunch of crap that there is this wonderful thing that is going to happen tonight on the beach.	xxx
M	Not just me, look at all of these people.	fru
F	Everybody's told the same story.  It keeps us coming back for more, it keeps us excited.  We keep thinking that life is going start at any minute if we can just find the right spot, get in on the action.	xxx
M	Are we talking about the same thing, here?	xxx
F	I'm sorry, it's just fish to me.	xxx
M	Carla, can I ask you something?  Now, don't take this the wrong way, but are you on your period?	neu
F	Don't ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that, you always ask me that.  It's insulting.	ang
M	Well then, what's bugging you?	fru
F	We just have different ideas of what this night is supposed to look like.	fru
M	There is nothing to it; we come down here, the fish arrive, they flop around, they do their fish thing.  We go ooh, ah, look at the fish and we go home.	fru
F	For God- Grow up, Augie.  The fish are not going to arrive.	ang
M	Why not?	fru
F	Because they never do.  Have they...Have they ever?	ang
M	We've missed them twice.	fru
F	Twice is every time we have tried; that's ever.	ang
M	They'll show up this time.	fru
F	No they won't.  It's like waiting for Santa Claus.	xxx
F	I feel like my whole life is going to be spent standing on this beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for fish to show up.  And the fish never show up.	fru
M	I thought you wanted to see it.	xxx
F	You don't understand anything I am saying.	fru
M	No. Of course not.	fru
F	I did want to see it, I still do, I always do.  I just...	xxx
F	I feel like I'm always just standing here waiting.  I feel like this night is going to be the night, but it never is.	sad
M	It's just fish, it's nothing to get traumatized over.	fru
F	For God's sake, this is not about fish.	ang
M	Okay.  I'm trying to work this backwards and pinpoint the exact moment where we took a turn for the worst here.	fru
M	Okay.  So you were fine during that phone call from Marge and then dinner was okay.  And doing the dishes was fine and then I was going to take a shower and you're watching the news and you said the grunions are running tonight, do you want to go?  And I said, sure great, let's go.	neu
M	Okay.  So I am putting out the pets, getting the car out of the garage.	neu
F	Do you remember the first year we came here?  It was like four years after we got married.	neu
F	We thought I was pregnant, we got a bottle of champagne, we had no glasses.  We took off our shoes and you asked me to dance.	xxx
F	You whispered the sweetest, most intimate things to me right into my ear so I could feel them as much as hear them.  And I remember thinking, this is it.  You know, finally, I am as happy as I'm supposed to be.	hap
M	Wait a minute, I got it.	xxx
F	Drinking champagne from the bottle,	xxx
M	It's when we were driving past that Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said, let's get some champagne.  I said no, time's a wasting or something like that.	neu
F	dancing barefoot in the sand.	fru
M	That's what it is?  Right?  You want this to be like the other time, right?	fru
F	I'd rather not remember some things.  I'd rather not hope for some things.	sad
M	Sure.  All right.  Okay.	neu
M	Listen, do you want to dance?	neu
F	No.	neu
M	Do you want me to go get some champagne?	neu
F	No.	xxx
M	Do you want to take off your shoes?	hap
F	No, no. Nothing.	fru
M	Then what?	xxx
M	Do you want to get married again?	hap
F	No.	neu
M	What?  What?  Do you want a divorce?	oth
M	A vacation?	xxx
F	No.	fru
M	Like a new carpet?  A poodle?  A back rub?  Ice cream?  A suicide pact?  What do you want?  What the hell do you want?	xxx
F	I just want something to turn out like I expected it to.	xxx
M	Well welcome to the human race, huh?  Do you think I had some grand fantasy going that four years down the line we would come to this beach and be arguing over fish?  No.	xxx
F	[BREATHING]	fru
M	No I'm just like you.  I thought it was going to be all roses and peaches and the bills would just pay themselves.  And we'll have three, fat rosy cheeked children.  Huh, baby, the joke's on us.  Because you know what you get?	fru
M	Do you know what you get?  You get this.	fru
F	This? What is this?  This is nothing.  This isn't even anything.	fru
M	Yes it is.	neu
F	Sure.  This is standing on the beach waiting.  This is fighting.	xxx
M	Right	xxx
F	I mean this is a lot of things, but it's just...	fru
M	[BREATHING]	fru
F	Do you understand what I am saying?	fru
M	I'm doing the best I can.	fru
F	I know you are Augie, I know.	sad
F	I know you meant this to be special, I know that you wanted it to be right, but I just can't help thinking that, I can't help wishing that I was somewhere else.	sad
M	Maybe if you were with someone else, too.	sad
F	I didn't say that.	sad
M	I just- I know I don't make you happy.	sad
F	Don't be ridiculous.  Anything that- anything I am doing, I'd rather be doing it with you.	sur
M	Yeah?	sur
F	Yeah.  Don't you know that?	sur
F	For Heaven's sake Augie.	xxx
F	You're the one who probably wishes he was with somebody else.  Somebody who doesn't take things so seriously, who could enjoy herself.	sad
M	You know, actually now that you mention it, no I don't.	neu
F	So maybe we are in the wrong spot, but we are with the right person.	neu
M	I don't know, it seemed like such a good spot to me.	fru
M	We have a great view of the moon from here, though, huh?	neu
F	Hmm.  I noticed that, it's pretty. Big old white moon.	hap
M	[BREATHING]	neu
M	And look what I got here.	hap
F	Augie, you bought refreshments.	hap
M	It's not champagne.	xxx
F	I guess we don't need glasses.	hap
M	[BREATHING]	hap
M	Do you want to go home?  Are you cold?	neu
F	I'm beginning to think this might be the right spot after all.	hap
F	Augie, I'm sorry.	sad
M	Shh.  If we're very quiet, the fish might come.	neu
F	Or not.	neu
M	Or not.	hap

M	So what do you think?	xxx
F	About what?	neu
M	About what I was just saying.	neu
F	It's ridiculous.	xxx
M	It certainly is not. It is slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	fru
F	It's so P.R. I mean, somebody's giving you a good bill about this wonderful event that's going to happen on the beach.	xxx
M	Well, I'm not the only one. Look at all these people.	fru
F	Exactly. Everyone else is told the same thing. It keeps them feeling excited. Keeps them coming back. Keeps them thinking life's going to start at any minute now.	xxx
M	Are we talking about the same thing?	fru
F	I don't care. It's still fish to me.	xxx
M	Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this wrong, but are you having your period?	neu
F	Augie, Goddamn it, don't ask me that. You always ask me that. Why do you ask me that? I hate it. It's insulting.	ang
M	Okay, then what's bugging you?	fru
F	Look, it's-we just-we're looking at this evening in a different way, both of us. We both have different ideas of it.	fru
M	There's nothing to it, alright? We come down here, the grunion arrive, they do their little fish business, we go ooh, ah, look at the fish, and then they go home and we go home.	fru
F	It's not like that.	xxx
M	We're not seeing the grunions?	neu
F	Look, Augie, we've never seen them. They're never going to come.	fru
M	We missed them twice. That's not ever.	fru
F	Twice is as many times as we've tried. That's ever.	xxx
M	We'll see them this time.	fru
F	No, we won't.	xxx
F	It's impossible. It's like waiting around. Waiting to see Santa Claus, you know?	xxx
F	Like I feel like my whole life I've been just standing on this beach with my hands clasped waiting for these fish to show up and these fish never show up.	ang
M	God, I thought you wanted to see it.	fru
F	I do.	fru
F	Look, I did. I always do. But it's like every time I try nothing ever happens.	fru
M	It's just fish. Nothing to get traumatized over.	fru
F	For God's sake, Augie, this is not about fish.	fru
M	I've been turning this thing over in my head trying to figure out when the point was when we took a turn for the worse, and I can't seem to pinpoint it.	fru
M	You were fine during the phone call from Marge. Dinner was okay. Doing the dishes was no problem. Let's see. I took a shower. You were watching the news. You said Augie, I think the grunion are running. I said great, let's go. I feel lucky tonight.	fru
M	And so I'm getting the animals, putting the animals out in the yard. I'm putting on my jacket, getting the car out of the garage-	fru
F	Do you remember the last time we came here?	sad
F	We thought I was pregnant.	sad
F	You brought a bottle of champagne.	sad
F	We took off our shoes and we danced barefoot in the sand. Under the moon.	hap
F	And you whispered so intimately in my ear so I could feel your words.	hap
F	Oh, that moment-that was it.	hap
F	I told myself finally, this is how happy I'm supposed to be.	sad
M	Wait a minute. I got it.	neu
F	Dancing barefoot in the sand. Drinking out of a bottle of champagne.	hap
M	It was driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, right? You said let's get some champagne, and I said time's-a-wasting or something like that.	xxx
M	You want this to be like the other time, right? That's it. Right?	xxx
F	I don't want to remember something.	sad
F	Hope for some things.	sad
M	Right. I got it. Of course. Listen, do you want to dance?	xxx
F	No.	sad
M	Do you want me to get some champagne?	xxx
F	No.	sad
M	Take off our shoes?	xxx
F	No, no.	sad
M	What? What? Do you want me to breathe in your ear?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	Do you want to get married again? What? What? Do you want to get a divorce?	fru
F	No.	fru
F	No.	ang
M	A vacation?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A new carpet? A poodle?	fru
M	A-a back rub, some ice cream, a suicide pact. What the hell do you want, Carla?	ang
F	I want things to turn out the way that they're supposed to be.	fru
M	Jesus, welcome to the human race.	fru
M	Did you think this is how I thought it was going to turn out? Do you think I had some great fantasy down the line? That four years down the line that we'd come to the beach and argue with each other over fish?	xxx
M	No, I was just like you. I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and everything great. And the wind in our hair and the sand in our toes, and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves, and we'll have three big fat rosy kids. And oh God.	fru
M	You know what you get? The jokes on us, baby. Because do you know what you get? Huh? Carla? Do you know what you get? You get this.	fru
F	This what? What is this? This is nothing.	fru
M	Yes, it is.	fru
F	No, it's not. It's standing on the beach waiting and fighting.	ang
M	Right.	fru
F	Things have never turned out anything the way that I thought they would be.	sad
M	No, I know. Me neither.	fru
F	I mean, this is, this is everything, and it's a lot, but	xxx
F	it's not something else. Do you know what I'm trying to say?	sad
M	Well, I'm doing the best I can.	fru
F	I know you are, Augie, and I know you wanted this evening to be nice, but I can't help thinking of being somewhere else.	sad
M	Yeah, maybe if you were with someone else too.	fru
F	I didn't say that.	sad
M	No, I know. But I know I don't make you happy.	xxx
F	Augie, anything I do I'd rather be doing with you.	fru
M	Yeah?	sur
F	God, don't you know that? I mean, you're the one that probably wants to be with somebody else. Somebody that didn't take herself so seriously, could enjoy herself more.	fru
M	Actually now that you mention it, no, I don't.	hap
F	Well, I guess we're just in the wrong spart-spot with the right person.	hap
M	Seemed like a pretty good spot to me. I mean, look at the view of the moon we've got from here.	hap
F	I noticed that. It's beautiful.	hap
F	You can see right over the water.	hap
F	God, big old white moon.	xxx
M	Look what we got here.	hap
F	You brought refreshments?	xxx
M	It's not champagne.	hap
F	At least we won't need glasses.	hap
M	Are you still cold? Do you want to go home?	neu
F	So I was thinking you might be right.	xxx
F	Maybe this is the right place after all.	hap
F	I'm sorry, Augie.	sad
M	Shh.	neu
M	If we're very quiet the fish might come.	hap
F	Or not.	xxx
M	Or not.	hap

M	Hey, a what's up?	neu
F	Um, Johnny died yesterday.	sad
M	Wow, that's horrible.	neu
M	I'm sorry to hear about that.	neu
F	We knew that it was coming, but--	sad
M	Yeah.	neu
F	It seemed like he had a little bit longer.  Like just last week, he was doing was so well.	sad
M	I mean, you know, at least he's not in anymore pain now, right?	neu
F	Yeah.	sad
M	It's good, you know.  you know It hurts I know.  I know what it's like to lose someone like that.	neu
F	I just don't want him to be gone.	sad
M	It's okay.	neu
M	'Cause, you know, you've got all the times that you guys did spend together, you know and that's something good that you can look back on.	neu
M	I mean--I don't know.	neu
F	And his whole family was there.	sad
F	I mean, he was like really conscious right up until the end. you know	sad
M	Well, that's that's good, you know.  At least, I don't know.  I mean it's- it's better to go- to goout that way than...	neu
M	.than you know, in pain and like this gradual, this horrible process.  I mean--	neu
F	He was so young, you know.  And all the stories he used to tell me about...	sad
F	...the way he wanted to live and he was gonna go to Africa and he was gonna--	sad
M	But look at the--he--look at the life he did get to lead.  I mean, for his age, he'd done so much and--	neu
F	Nobody's ever gonna forget him.	sad
M	Yeah, exactly.  He's made a big impact on a lot of people. and	neu
M	And you'll always have that and--you should feel, you know, happy for him that he got to do so much before--I mean, and even after he found out last year.  I mean--	neu
F	He did a lot.  But--	sad
M	I know.  It doesn't bring him back, but--	neu
M	But It's okay because now, you know, you'll just go on with your life and--	neu
F	I'm gonna forget him.	sad
M	No, you'll never forget him.	neu
F	I won't be able to hear his voice or his--	sad
M	I know. but you're not  I mean you're not going to forget him.  The pain will go away eventually and--or it will subside--	neu
F	You start to lose like that image after a while.	sad
M	That will be, It'll be--it'll be better that way. I mean Time will tell.  Time heals, you know, and it's good.  It's okay.  I mean, it wasn't anybody's fault or anything like that so .	neu
M	It's hard to lose someone that way, but he's he's better--he's better off now.	neu
F	Thanks.	sad

M	All right. Finally. Here you go.	fru
F	Hi, How can I help you?	neu
M	Yea. I just want to get this done,	neu
F	Sure, um	neu
M	get my new license.	neu
F	do you have two forms of ID with you?	neu
M	Um, no, I got my driver's license though.	neu
F	I actually need two forms of ID. I need either a passport or a birth certificate, or social security card. I'm sorry.	neu
M	Uh, sorry, I forgot them. I mean I've got to -	neu
F	Well	neu
M	well is the dri-driver's license going to work?	neu
F	I- I can take your driver's license but I need another form of ID in order to process this paper work.	neu
M	Okay, so what are you saying? What-	fru
F	Um, that you would need to go home and get another form of ID and come back.	neu
M	What? I- You telling me I waited in that huge line to go and sit down and get my number called, like after	ang
F	Well, I'm sorry sir but	fru
M	three hours and	ang
F	you need to bring two forms of ID there is nothing we can do about it.	fru
M	Shouldn't they have like told us about that? I mean why - why would they make me go and wait three hours if I have got to go and do it again?	ang
F	Well, it's actually-	fru
F	It's standard that you bring a couple of forms of ID, I'm sorry.	fru
M	It's standard? I mean I don't work at the D.M.V. how am I supposed to know that, like, I stand in line, I get my	ang
F	Well, I'm sorry, sir, but we're not responsible.	fru
M	I filled out the application right, didn't I?	ang
F	Yes, you did, thank you very much, but we're not responsible if you've forgotten something, and we need to have two forms of ID.	fru
M	Okay. What about - no -- how about you hold that and I'll - I'll go and I can come back-	fru
F	I'm sorry, but there is a lot of people waiting so you're just going to have to get in line again.	fru
M	I've been waiting for three hours.	fru
F	It just happens to people all the time, I'm sorry sir, but I can't make an exception for you.	fru
M	This is ridiculous. Come on	fru
F	I'm sorry, sir.	neu
M	I cannot go back in that line. I've got stuff I need to do, I mean-	fru
F	there is nothing I can do.	neu
M	But my driver's license - I had to have my birth certificate to get my driver's license in the first place right, I mean this - here is my driver's license so	xxx
F	I know sir, but we have to have two forms. There is nothing I can do about it, I'm sorry.	fru
M	That doesn't make any sense. Why?	fru
F	I'm sorry, sir. There is nothing I can do.	fru
M	You- shouldn't you have like a sign or something maybe like up on the counter when you get the applica- maybe on the application	ang
F	Well, if you had checked the web site it would have said.	fru
F	If you had checked the website it would have said that you needed two forms of identification.	fru
M	What web- I didn't go to a website - why would I need to - it's the D.M.V.. You come to the D.M.V., you wait in line for three hours, and then you go home.	ang
F	Well, maybe you should	fru
M	I waited in line now I'm ready to get my stuff and then go home.	fru
F	Right. So maybe you should go home now and get your paperwork and come back.	fru
F	I'm sorry sir but there's a lot of people waiting. So if you won't move out of the way, then I'm going to have to call security.	fru
M	God, oh my-	fru
M	This is ridiculous.	fru
F	I'm sorry, sir, it's not my choice.	fru

M	That was a rouser, wasn't it?	xxx
F	That was the first time you ever hit me.	ang
M	I didn't hit you very hard.	neu
F	The manager came in and found us rolling about on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.  Oh, dear.	hap
M	I shall never forget his face.	xxx
F	How ridiculous.  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.	hap
M	We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	And very much sillier.	hap
M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	fru
F	You knew there was nothing in that.	xxx
M	I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.	fru
F	Presents?  A trivial little brooch.	xxx
M	I remember it well, bristling with diamonds in the worst possible taste.	xxx
F	Not at all.  It was very pretty.  I still have it and I wear it often.	exc
M	You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	fru
F	I did not.  You made the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.	xxx
M	You must admit that he was in love with you, wasn't he?	ang
F	Just a little, perhaps, nothing serious.	hap
M	Line?	neu
F	Let him kiss you.	neu
M	You let him kiss you.  You said you did.	ang
F	What of it?	ang
M	What of it?	ang
F	It gave him a lot of pleasure and it didn't hurt me.	xxx
M	What about me?	ang
F	If you hadn't been so nosey, you never would have known a thing about it.	fru
M	That's a nice point of view, I must say.	ang
F	Oh, dear.  I'm bored with this conversation.	fru
M	So am I; bored stiff.	ang
M	You want some brandy?	xxx
F	No, thanks.	ang
M	I'll have a little myself, I think.	fru
F	I don't see why you want it.  You've already had two glasses.	fru
M	No particular reason.  Anyhow, they were very small ones.	fru
F	It seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.	fru
M	You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.	fru
F	It's become a habit with you.	ang
M	You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want any at the moment.	fru
F	Oh, don't be so stupid.	fru
M	Really, Amanda	ang
F	What?	ang
M	Nothing.	ang
M	Going out somewhere, my dear?	ang
F	No, just making myself fascinating for you	fru
M	Oh.  That reply has broken my heart.	fru
F	The woman's job is to allure the man.  Watch me a minute, will you?	xxx
M	As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.	ang
F	Oh, no, it isn't.	ang
M	Yes, it is.	ang
F	Oh, be quiet.	ang
M	Line?	neu
F	It's a pity you didn't- It's a pity you didn't have more brandy.	neu
M	It's a pity you didn't have any more brandy.  It might have made you a little less disagreeable.	ang
F	It doesn't seem to have worked such wonders with you.	fru
M	Line?	neu
M	Snap.  Oh, snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.	ang
F	Adders don't snap, they sting.	ang
M	They -- nonsense, they have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.	ang
F	They sting.	fru
M	They snap.	ang
F	I don't care.  Do you understand?  I don't care.  I don't mind if they bark and roll about like hoops.	ang
M	Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	xxx
F	Yes, I did, quite a lot.	ang
M	I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more then, hmm?	ang
F	Mind your own business.	ang
M	You must have had a riotous time.	ang
M	No restraint at all, very enjoyable.  You never had much anyhow.	ang
F	You're quite insufferable.  I expected it's because you're drunk.	ang
M	I'm not in the least drunk.	ang
F	You always had a weak head.	ang
M	I think I mentioned once before that I've only had three minute liquor glasses of brandy this whole evening.  That's hardly enough to get a child of two drunk.	fru
F	On the contrary, a child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.	ang
M	Very interesting.  And how about a child of four and a child of six and a child of nine?	ang
F	Oh, shut up.	ang
M	We might get up a splendid little- a splendid little debate about this, you know, intemperate tots.	xxx
F	Not very funny, dear.  You'd better have some more brandy.	ang
M	Very good idea.  I will	ang
M	You better turn that off I think.	ang
F	Why?	ang
M	It's late and the people upstairs will get annoyed.	xxx
F	There aren't any people upstairs.  It's a photographer's studio.	ang
M	There are people downstairs, I suppose	ang
F	They're away in Tunis.	xxx
M	This is no time of year for Tunis.	xxx
F	Turn it on again, please.	ang
M	I will do no such thing.	xxx
F	Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.	ang
M	Turn it off.  It's driving me mad.	ang
F	Go away.  Go away.  I hate you.	ang
M	Turn it off.	ang
F	You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.	ang
F	We swapped. Listen.	neu
M	Listen--	ang
F	Listen, indeed.  I am sick and tired of listening to you, you damn sadistic bully.	ang
M	You're a vile tempered, loosed living	ang
F	Stop.	ang
M	wicked little beast. And I- I hope I never see you again as long as live.	ang
F	Stop.  I hate you.  Do you hear me? You're conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.	ang
F	This is the end.  Do you understand, the end?  Finally and forever.	ang
M	You're not going like this.	ang
F	Oh, yes, I am.	ang
M	No, you're not.	ang
F	Let go of me.  You're a cruel fiend and I hate and loath you.  Thank God, I discovered in time what you're really like.	ang
M	Shut up. Shut up.	ang
M	You're a mean, evil minded	ang
F	Marry you again? Huh.	ang
M	little vampire And I hope to God I never set eyes on you as long as I live.	ang
F	Never, never, never.  I'd rather die in torment. Beast brute.	ang
M	Whore.	ang
F	Swine.	ang

M	Hey listen here missy, I've been in this line for an hour and now I'm finally here.  So you're going to take my application.	fru
F	Is that a demand sir?	neu
M	It's not a demand it's a request.  Will you just take it?  Come on.	fru
F	I must see it before I just take it.	xxx
M	Oh.  Look at it.	xxx
F	Sir, you completely filled this out wrong.	fru
F	No.  You filled out the back part.  You were supposed to fill out the front portion only.	neu
M	What?	xxx
M	What are you talking about?  It says fill out that part.	ang
F	No, no, no, no, no.  You're going to have to go back over on the other side-- --second door, up the stairs...	fru
M	Okay.	fru
M	Oh my God. Can you just transfer it yourself?	fru
F	No I can't just transfer it myself sir.  You got to do this.  Everyone else is doing the same thing.	fru
M	You don't know! you can't write?  You don't know how to write?	fru
F	Excuse me sir?	fru
M	What's wrong with you people?  God.	fru
F	I think you're being a little condescending.	fru
F	You need to go back over there and fill it out again.	fru
M	The information is on there.  Here I'll just fill it out right here.	fru
F	No, no, no, because there are other people in line.  You have to go get a complete new application.	fru
M	This will take like a minute, okay? Jesus.	fru
F	No, no, no. Sir,you need to get out of the line--	xxx
M	I'm not going anywhere.  I'm staying right here.	ang
F	Well I'm going to have to call- security because sir, you- there are hundreds of people waiting in line at this D.M.V.-- --We're closing in about half an hour...	xxx
M	Hey,uh-- Well that's too bad cause I'm getting my license right now.	ang
F	You will get your license, sir, you have to go fill out-- --another copy...excuse me?	fru
M	Give me my--	fru
M	Hey, no, give me that back.	ang
F	No.  Now I'm going to take this from you because you are obviously misleading	xxx
M	-- No.  I'm not waiting...I'm not coming back again.  I don't have time to come back five days.	ang
F	No.  You couldn't go get another one.	xxx
F	Well then you won't have a license will you?	xxx
M	I'll have a license.	fru
F	Well not from this department you won't.	fru
M	Yes I will.  I'll have this [GARBAGE]	ang
F	Sir-	fru
M	just as I want.  Ugh.	fru
F	Sir?  I'm going to ask you one more time and then I'm going to call my supervisor	fru
F	who will proceed to call-- security if you can't remove yourself--	fru
M	Fine.  Call your supervisor.  Ask supervisor over	ang
M	and I'll tell her how you've been behaving.	fru
F	Really?	fru
M	How would you like that hmm?	fru
F	She's not actually in the building.  She's only on the phone. Sir, please leave this line immediately.	fru
M	Oh, okay.  Wow.	fru
M	No.  I'm not going anywhere.  I'm staying here-- I am filling out right now okay just calm down. I'm filling out right now-- Just take the god damn piece of paper.	ang
F	Okay.  I'm going to call security. Security!	ang
F	I have it.  I'm taking it.  Doesn't mean I'm going to do anything with it.--Get out of my line!  This is my line.  Get out.  All these people--Sir, you are causing a mob in this department.	xxx
M	Okey This is a new one.  Take the new one.	xxx
M	Do you own the D.M.V.?	xxx
M	I'm sorry she's--these people they just want to get their license--	fru
F	No, You cannot get your license.  You filled out the wrong part of the form.	fru
M	What are you talking about?  Just transfer it over.  I filled out the new one.	xxx
F	This entire time you're fighting with me sir, you could've finished the form and already been half way-- No.  Get out.	ang
M	I did finish one.  Take it.	ang
M	What is wrong with you?	ang

M	All right. Customer service this is Steve.	neu
F	Hi. Thank you so much, you're a real person, right, you're not like a recording?	exc
M	I'm a real person, yes.	xxx
F	Okay. Before I get into it, um your menu or whatever like where you choose the different thing depending on the-	exc
F	it leads you around in circles, you can't, there is no way to like get to a real person if you don't already know how to get to there.	exc
M	Right. No, yes I know. It is-It is a little frustrating.	neu
F	So is there any way to like bypass that because that is so, like I've been going around in circles	fru
F	like press nine, press zero, press back to the menu, like I can't get through to what I'm supposed to get through to.	fru
M	I- I'll give you a little hint, next time if it asks if you're on a rotary phone you know, just stay on the line instead of - instead of hitting one or two to say if you're like on a touch tone	neu
M	pretend like your on a rotary phone, goes straight through to a person.	neu
F	Okay. Oh, that would just make it so much better, 'cause I cannot handle it's just like oh, my God I can't sit here any longer and talk to this lady with this pleasant voice.	fru
M	I know they don't tell you that kind of thing.	neu
F	Sorry. Okay. Um-, yes	neu
M	Alright. Well you got me now.	xxx
F	Thank you very much. Um  So I have a charge on my credit card that, um, isn't mine.	neu
F	Uh, I don't know where it came from and it's actually quite large, and I don't have the money for it so	neu
F	it really freaks me out when I got my bill because it was like I don't -- I didn't spend this. This is not my charge.	fru
M	Yea. All right. Well, let me-let me look it up here for a second. Uh, so i think	neu
F	Okay, it was um- at the [GARBAGE] sorry, it was at a department store, I think it was Macy's or something	neu
M	Okay, Alright, yeah. I- I see it on here.	neu
F	and it was like something like eight hundred dollars. I don't remember. It was just a lot and I have thing in front of me right now, but-	fru
M	All right. Well, you know that's, that's what we have all of our protection plans for and everything like that so I mean it's	neu
F	Okay. So is there something I can do to get rid of it?	xxx
M	it- it'll work out fine.	neu
M	Yes, we'll get- we'll get rid of it right now. I mean just we're going to have to have you, um, submit something you know, we're going to have to have you mail something in for us, okay.	neu
M	So- So you can um find that application. You have the Internet, you can go to our website.	neu
F	Oh I can get the form right now? Oh, that'll be so much better.  Okay.	xxx
M	Yeah. Yeah. You get the form right now. and- yeah	neu
M	We could mail it to you as well, but-	neu
F	-But online is faster I can do that.	xxx
M	Right. You can go online, print it out, and just fill out the form and um- send it to us um- you know,  regarding the grievance and-	neu
M	and it'll get taken off um- no problem you know	neu
F	Okay.	xxx
F	'Cause I-I just don't know how someone could have gotten my charge information	fru
F	I mean I still have my card.	xxx
M	Right. I mean we might	neu
M	Okay.	neu
F	So is there any- I mean what if they spend something again?	fea
M	Uh, I mean have you been shopping around on the Internet and stuff? I mean that you gave-	neu
F	I did buy one thing on ebay I don't know that might-	neu
M	Uh-ha, I mean usually sites are pretty well protected but sometimes I mean information gets out, so	neu
M	so it is a little a little hard in that situation if you want -- you know you can -um- we can- we can issue another credit card.	neu
F	Oh, really?	sur
M	Yeah, yeah. Maybe we'll, uh-	neu
F	Oh that'll be great 'cause I could just get a new number, would that be okay because that way I don't have to worry about it happening again?	xxx
M	it's a different number and everything	neu
M	Yeah. yeah.	neu
M	Yes, um but  for- for that- for that charge we will need you to send something in but we can get you processed immediately for this, for this, for this new card. It still goes to the same address, right?	neu
F	Yes, absolutely.	xxx
M	Okay. All right. Then we'll get it sent out there. And	neu
F	Great.	hap
M	And you know just I mean be careful in the future if um	neu
F	Yeah.	hap
M	if you're ever online or anything like that I mean just make sure it's a secure site and	neu
M	and never you know, give it to anyone out, never even give out your number to any like unreliable company that you haven't heard of or anything like that, all right? Because, um, we want to- we definitely want to help you out, but-	neu
F	Right, right.	neu
F	Okay, great.	neu
F	Yeah, totally.	neu
M	you know it gets- it gets difficult you know so Alright.	neu
F	Well thank you so much. You've been very helpful. I really appreciate it.	hap
M	Alright Yes, I'm sorry for all the inconvenience but we'll get it taken care of.	neu
F	[BREATHING] Thank you.	xxx
F	Thank you very much bye.	hap

M	What time is it?  They're supposed to run around midnight.  This is great isn't it?  Look at this night we've got here.  It couldn't be better.	hap
M	Actually, I wanted to go a little farther up the coast, get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid to miss it.  How you doing?	xxx
F	Fine.	neu
M	Is that, is that-that's just foam isn't it?  I can't even tell	exc
M	although if you can't tell, it probably isn't them.  It will probably be unmistakable.  Don't you think?  How you doing?	xxx
M	Oh, no you know what I did?  I forgot my flashlight.  How could I be so stupid I forgot my flashlight.	fru
F	What flashlight?	xxx
M	The flashlight, the silver one.  There's only one isn't there?	fru
F	It's not yours.	fru
M	Whose is it?	sur
F	It's ours.  It's mine too.	xxx
M	Well sure.	fru
F	You kept saying my flashlight as if it somehow is just yours.  How's that supposed to make me feel?	xxx
M	No of course our flashlight, yours and mine, mi flashlight es su flashlight naturally.  How could we not think to bring it?	fru
M	I hope the moon stays out.  I wonder do they always run during a full moon.  I can't remember if it was full last year.  Remember?	exc
F	Yes.	xxx
M	Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?  We should have brought the blanket, our blanket.	neu
M	Ah, this is great, isn't it?  I didn't even think to bring a six-pack.  A six-pack would be just the ticket right about now.	hap
M	I can't believe I forgot.  I'm like a kid.  It's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.	xxx
M	Oh, I wonder if they can hear me talk or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?	xxx
F	I'm cold.	xxx
M	Do you want my jacket?	xxx
F	It's after eleven let's go home.	ang
M	Are you kidding?  We'd miss it.  We just got here.  What's the point of coming down here if we just turn around and go home?	fru
F	There is no point in coming down here.	ang
M	Right.	fru
F	That's my point.	fru
M	That's my point too.	neu
F	So let's go home.	fru
M	No, no, no.  That's not my point.  My point is is that there's no point in coming down here if we just leave.  Don't you want to see it?	fru
F	Not particularly.	fru
M	Why not?	xxx
F	I just don't.  It's stupid.	ang
M	Honey this is natural phenomenon.  I mean this only happens once a year.  This is a great opportunity.	fru
M	Think about the people in Kansas.  They'd have to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to come see this.  We're just forty minutes away.  It's too good to pass up.	exc
F	Pass up what?  These little fish swim onto the beach, flop around, and then swim away and then they die.	ang
M	Yeah but that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives.  All that flopping around is laying eggs or what do you, spawning or mating something like that.	fru
M	This is the big night for these guys.  Life's last orgy.	exc
F	What are you so excited about?  This isn't a moon landing we're talking about.  It's fish.  It's fish nobody even eats.	ang
M	Yeah, they do.	fru
F	Oh, Augie.	fru
M	Okay but it's fish who do something none of the other fish do	fru
M	like the swallows returning to Capistrano or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs, like that.  There's mystery here and magic	exc
M	a little bit of the unexplainable.  I don't see how you cannot be interested.	fru
F	I'm just not.	ang
M	For real?	sur
F	Yes.	ang
M	I don't get it.  The first time we came here to see it you said it was the best night of your life and last year I remember distinctly you were so excited to get here.  You stubbed your toe rushing me out the door and didn't even notice until we were in the car.	fru
F	Last year you will also remember our shoes got wet.  I got sand in my panties.  We got in a big fight over nothing.  You got a sore throat and we did not see the Grunions.	xxx
M	We weren't in a good spot.	fru
F	We didn't see them the first time either.	ang
M	We just weren't in a good spot.  This is a much better spot.	ang
M	I've got good instincts for these things.  Look there. What's that.  Is that?  Is that, is that-no it's just seaweed isn't it.	exc
M	Ah, man this is great.  I wouldn't miss this for anything.  I mean think about this.  I know you're not interested but just think about this for a minute.	exc
M	Out there someplace there's this huge mass of silver fish heading this way.  They don't know why.  We don't know why.  It wasn't a decision.  They didn't take a vote.	exc
M	No one sent them a map or an invitation.  Just some little instinctual time release firecracker went off in their little bodies and all as one. They turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.	exc
M	They're swimming right now as if that's the only thing that matters.	exc
M	It's single mindedness with no mind.  Urgency that's pure urge.	exc
M	They don't know what drives them.  They don't give it a name or ask question.  They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them here to this place	exc
M	where we stand for massive celebration of sex and death.	exc
M	Ah, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  All my hairs are popping up.	exc
F	That's the wind.	fru
M	Well so what do you think?	xxx
F	About what?	ang
M	What I said.	xxx
F	It's ridiculous.	ang

M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	ang
F	You knew there was nothing in that.	xxx
M	I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.	ang
F	Presents? It was only a small trivial little broach.	xxx
M	I remember it well. Bristling with diamonds. In the worst possible taste.	ang
F	Not at all. It was very pretty. And I wear it all the time. I still have it.	xxx
M	You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	xxx
F	No, I didn't. You made that up all in your jealous imagination.	xxx
M	You must admit that he was in love with you.	xxx
F	Just a little perhaps, but it was nothing serious.	neu
M	You let him kiss you. You said so.	ang
F	Well, what of it?	xxx
M	What of it?	xxx
F	Oh come on, it gave him a lot of pleasure and it didn't harm me.	xxx
M	What about me?	ang
F	Well, if you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey you'd have never known anything about it.	xxx
M	That's a nice point of view, I must say.	ang
F	Well, it's true.	neu
M	Are you bored with this conversation?	neu
F	I definitely, most definitely am.	xxx
M	So am I. Bored stiff. Want some brandy?	neu
F	No, thanks.	xxx
M	I'll have a little, I think.	neu
F	I don't see why you want it; you've already had two glasses.	xxx
M	No particular reason. Anyhow, they were very small ones.	neu
F	I don't see what's the point of going on and on about something like this.	xxx
M	Oh, my-you can hardly call three minute liquor glasses in the evening going on and on and on.	xxx
F	It's become a habit with you.	neu
M	You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want some yourself at the moment.	ang
F	Don't be so stupid.	ang
M	Really, Amanda.	ang
F	What?	ang
M	Nothing.	ang
M	Going somewhere, dear?	ang
F	No. Just making myself fascinating for you.	xxx
M	That reply has broken my heart.	xxx
F	It's a woman's job to allure the man. Watch me, won't you, a minute?	neu
M	As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.	xxx
F	No, it isn't.	ang
M	Yes, it is.	ang
F	No, it's not. I don't care.	xxx
M	It's a pity you didn't have more brandy. It might have made you a little less disagreeable.	xxx
F	Well, it didn't seem to do such wonders with you, now did it?	xxx
M	Oh, snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.	xxx
F	Adders don't snap, they sting.	fru
M	Yes, they do. They have a big bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.	xxx
F	They sting.	fru
M	They snap.	ang
F	I don't care. I don't care, do you understand? I don't care if they bark, if they roll over on the floor like hoops.	ang
M	Uhh,	xxx
M	did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	ang
F	Yes, I did, quite a lot actually.	xxx
M	I imagine that you let him kiss you quite a bit more then, didn't you?	ang
F	Mind your business.	fru
M	You had a riotous-must have had a riotous time. No restraint at all. Very enjoyable. You never had much anyhow.	ang
F	You are quite insufferable. I suppose it's because you're drunk.	ang
M	I'm not in the least bit drunk.	ang
F	You've always had a weak head.	fru
M	Okay. As I mentioned before, I said I had three very minute liquor glasses. That's hardly enough to get a child of two drunk.	ang
F	On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.	xxx
M	Oh, very interesting indeed. How about a child of four or a child of six or a child of nine. We might have a splendid little debate about this intemperate tots.	xxx
F	Do shut up. Shut up.	fru
F	I don't want to talk about this anymore.	fru
M	You better turn that off.	xxx
F	Why?	xxx
M	It's very late and it will annoy the people upstairs.	xxx
F	There aren't any people upstairs. It's a photographer's studio.	xxx
M	Well, I suppose the people downstairs then.	ang
F	They're away in Tunis.	xxx
M	This is no time of the year for Tunis.	neu
F	Turn it on again, please.	xxx
M	No, I will do no such thing.	xxx
F	Turn it on.	ang
M	No.	xxx
F	You've always had far too temperamental for yourself. You should try to control it.	xxx
M	Turn it off.	ang
F	I will not. Go away. Go away. I hate you.	ang
M	Oh, very amusing, indeed. Amanda, listen-	ang
F	Listen, indeed. No, no, no, no. I am sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.	ang
M	Very amusing indeed.	ang
F	Stop it, stop it, I hate you, I loath you, you are overbearing and conceited and utterly impossible.	ang
M	You know, you're a vile, ill-tempered, wicked little beast and I hope that I never see you again as long as I live.	ang
F	This is the end. Do you hear? The end. Now and forever.	ang
M	No, you're not going out like this. No you're not.	ang
F	Oh, yes I am.	ang
F	Yes I am. Let go of me. I hate you and I loath you. God, I can't believe I just finally realized how you are. I am never marry you. Never. Never, never, never. I would rather die in torment.	ang
M	Oh, shut up. Shut up. Shut up.	ang
M	I wouldn't marry you again if you came back crawling to me on your hands and knees because you're vile. You're a mean, evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never set eyes on you again.	ang
F	Beast or brute cad, swine beast beast brute.	ang

F	You're the only one I know who loves his parents.	xxx
M	I know, it went out of style, didn't it?	hap
F	It's all right.  It's a good thing.	hap
F	You know, it's lovely here, the air is sweet.	hap
M	You're not sorry you came?	xxx
F	No, not sorry.  But, um. But I'm not gonna stay.	hap
M	Why?	xxx
F	For one thing, your mother as much as told me to go.	xxx
M	Oh.	xxx
F	You saw that.  I mean and then, well, you've been kind of, um--	xxx
M	What?	sur
F	Well, kind of embarrassed ever since I got here.	xxx
M	The trouble is, I planned on sort of sneaking up on you on a period of a week or so.  But they take it for granted that we're all set.	fru
F	I knew they would, your mother anyway.	hap
M	How'd you know?	xxx
F	Well, from her point of view, why else would I come?	neu
M	Oh.  Would you want to?  I guess you know, this is why I asked you to come.	xxx
F	I guess this is why I came.	hap
M	Ann, I love you.  I love you a great deal.  I love you.	xxx
M	I have no imagination.  That's all I know to tell you.	xxx
M	I'm embarrassing you and I didn't want to tell it to you here.  I wanted some place we'd never been before.  A place where we'd be brand new to each other.	exc
M	You feel wrong here, don't you?  This yard, this chair.  I want you to be ready for me.  I don't want to have to win you away from anything.	xxx
F	Oh, Chris, I've been ready for a long, long time.	xxx
M	And he's gone forever.  You're sure?	xxx
F	I almost got married two years ago.	xxx
M	Why didn't you?	sur
F	Well, you started to write me	hap
M	You felt something that far back?	exc
F	Every day since.	hap
M	Ann, why didn't you let me know?	exc
F	Well, I was waiting for you.  I mean, till then you never wrote and when you did, what did you say?  I mean, you can sure be ambiguous sometimes, you know?	xxx
M	Give me a kiss, Anne.  Give me a-	xxx
M	God, I kissed Annie.  How long--how long I've been waiting to kiss you.	xxx
F	I'll never forgive you.  Why did you wait all these years?  I mean, all I did was sit and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.	xxx
M	Oh, Annie, we're gonna live now.  I'm gonna make you so happy.	xxx
F	Not like that you're not.	xxx
M	I kissed you.	xxx
F	Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.  What is it?	xxx
M	Let's drive someplace.  I want to be alone with you.	sad
F	No.  What is it, Chris. Your mother?	xxx
M	No.  Nothing like that.	sad
F	Well, what's wrong?  I mean, even in your letters there was some--something ashamed.	sad
M	Yeah, I suppose I have been.  But it's going from me.	sad
F	You've gotta tell me.	xxx
M	I don't know how to start.	xxx
F	It wouldn't work this way.	sad
M	It's all mixed up with so many other things.  You remember overseas, I was in charge of a company?	xxx
F	Yeah, sure.	xxx
M	Well, I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	xxx
M	Just about all.	sad
F	gee.	xxx
M	It takes some time for a guy to toss that off.  'Cause they weren't just men.	sad
M	For instance, this one time, it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks.  I put them in pocket.  It's only a little thing, but those are the kind of guys I had.	sad
M	They didn't die, they killed themselves for each other.  I mean that exactly.  I mean, a little more selfish and they'd have been here today.	sad
M	I got this idea watching 'em go down.  Everything was being destroyed, see, but it seemed that one new thing was made.  A sort of responsibility.  Man for man. You know what I mean?	sad
M	To show that, to bring that onto the Earth again, like some kind of monument and everyone can feel it standing behind him and it would make a difference to him.	sad
M	Then I came back and it was incredible.  There was no meaning in it here. I mean, the whole thing to them seemed like it's sort of a bus accident.  I went to work with Dad and that rat race again.	sad
M	And I felt what you said, ashamed somehow 'cause nobody had changed at all.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive to open the new bank book, drive the new car, see the new refrigerator.	sad
M	I mean, you can take those things out of a war, but when you drive that car, you've gotta realize that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.  You've gotta be a little better because of it.	sad
M	Otherwise all you have is really loot and there's blood on it.  And I didn't want to take any of that.  And I guess that included you.	sad
F	Do you still feel that way?	sad
M	I want you now Annie.	neu
F	'Cause you mustn't feel that way.  Because you have a right to everything you have, Chris.  Everything, you understand that?  Me too.	sad
F	I mean, and your money, there's- there's nothing wrong with your money.  I mean, your father put hundreds of planes in the air.  A man should be paid for that.	sad
M	I know Annie.  I'm gonna make a fortune for you.	xxx
F	What'll I do with a fortune?	hap

M	Good God.	fea
F	Do you think it's them?	xxx
M	I wonder.	fea
F	Freda is the only one who knows we are here. She wouldn't ring up.	fea
M	Must be them then.	xxx
F	What we're going to do?	fea
M	We're okay, right darling?  Whatever happens, we're okay?	fea
F	Now and always sweet.	hap
M	I don't care then.	hap
F	It had to happen sooner or later.	hap
M	Yes... Hello?  Hello?  I'm sorry what's that?	xxx
M	No, it's a wrong number.	xxx
F	Oh, oh, that sent shivers on my spine.	xxx
M	[BREATHING] [LAUGHTER]	xxx
F	Oh...	xxx
M	[BREATHING]	xxx
F	[BREATHING]	exc
M	What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?	xxx
F	Oh. Behave exquisitely...	hap
M	With perfect poise...	hap
F	[LAUGHTER] I think I shall do a court curtsey.	hap
M	Ah...	hap
F	[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	Ah...Strange...	hap
F	Mmm...	hap
M	Things that just ought to matter dreadfully, you know they just don't matter at all when one is happy, do they?	hap
F	The pity is that one can't stay happy.	xxx
M	Darling, don't say that.	sad
F	It's true.  I think the whole things a very poor joke.	xxx
M	What, this sacred and beautiful thing, love?	xxx
F	Oh, yes meaning just that.	hap
M	Oh, dear god what is that all mean, dear god?	hap
F	[LAUGHTER] Don't laugh at me I'm being serious.	hap
M	You mustn't be so serious, darling, it just what they want.	hap
F	Oh whose they?	xxx
M	Oh you know all those superficial philosophers. We must laugh at them, be flippant.	xxx
M	Flippancy brings out the acid in their darn sweetness and light.	hap
F	Mmhmm If I must laugh at everything, I must laugh at us too.	hap
M	Oh yes.  .	xxx
F	How long will it last, this ludicrous, overbearing love of ours?	hap
M	We are figures of fun all right	hap
M	Ahh...who knows.	hap
F	Shall we always want to bicker and fight?	hap
M	No, that will fade...Along with our passion...	xxx
F	Oh, will we like that?	xxx
M	Well it depends on how well we've played.	xxx
F	If one of us dies...	hap
F	does the one that's left still laugh?	xxx
M	Yes, yes with the all his might.	xxx
F	Well, that's serious enough isn't it?	xxx
M	No, no, no, no death is very laughable it's a cunning little mystery, you know.  It's all done with mirrors.	xxx
F	I think you're talking nonsense.	hap
M	Ah so is everyone in the long run, huh?	xxx
F	Hmm.	xxx
M	Let's pity the poor philosophers, huh?  Let's enjoy the party for as long as we can, okay?  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and sit like small idiotic school children. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	Ah.	xxx
M	Come here darling, kiss me	exc
F	Oh, Elliot.  Worms don't pop.	xxx
M	before your body rots and worms pop out of your eye sockets.	hap
M	See, you know I don't care what you do.  You could paint yourself green and run naked to the Place Vendome.	hap
F	Oh, thank you darling.	xxx
M	You could run off with all the men in a world. I won't say a word.  Just as long as you love me best.	xxx
F	The same applies to you too, except you so much as look at another women I'll kill you.	xxx
M	Do you remember that row we did have in Venice?	hap
F	Which particular one?	hap
M	The one when you put that little wooden painted snake in my bed?	xxx
F	Oh, Charles.  That was his name Charles. He did wriggle so beautifully.	exc
M	It was a horrible thing I hated it.	xxx
F	Oh I know you threw it out the window and into the Grand Canal.  Oh, I'll never forgive you for that.	xxx
M	Of course how long did that row last?	xxx
F	It went on intermittently for days.	xxx
M	But you know it wasn't as bad as the one we had in Cannes...mmhmm...where your curling irons burnt a hole in my dressing gown.	exc
F	Cannes...mmhmm...	hap
F	Oh it burnt my comb too and all those towels in the bathroom.	xxx
M	Oh that was a rouser wasn't it?	xxx
F	The manager came in he found us rolling about the floor.  [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	I will never forget the look on his face.	hap
F	Scratching and biting like panthers. [LAUGHTER] Oh...	hap
M	oh...	hap
F	Utterly, utterly ridiculous.	hap
F	oh...[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	We were very much younger then.	hap
F	Very much sillier.	hap
M	However, I do believe the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	xxx
F	Oh you knew there was nothing in that.	exc

F	What he's going to say?	fru
M	He saw it.	neu
F	When?	sur
M	He was out here at four this morning.	xxx
F	How could he see it?  I was the first one up and he was still in bed.	sur
M	I was out here at four this morning I heard a crack and I looked out the window and he was standing right over there.	neu
F	What was he doing here at four in the morning?	sur
M	I don't know.  But he went back in the kitchen and he cried.	sad
F	Did you talk to him?	sad
M	No.  I figured I'd just let it wait.	sad
F	Cried hard?	sad
M	Yeah, I could hear him crying through the floorboards in my room.	sad
F	[BREATHING]	sad
F	What is he doing out here at that hour?	fru
M	I don't know.	sad
F	He's dreaming about him again, walking the streets.	ang
M	I guess he is.	sad
F	It's getting to be just like after he died.  What is the meaning of that?	xxx
M	I don't know the meaning of it.  But I know we've made terrible mistake with father.	fru
F	What?	sur
M	I mean, these kinds of things, man they always come back at you.  And this is definitely coming back to us.	xxx
F	What do you mean a mistake?	ang
M	I just--why shouldn't he walk the nights waiting for him, huh?  Do we contradict him do we say we don't have any hope any more that he's not coming back?	fru
F	What do you want to do, argue with him?	fru
M	I don't want to argue with him, it's just for God's sake it's time he realized that no one believes with him any more.	fru
F	You can't say that to him.	xxx
M	I got to.	fru
F	What, can you prove it?  What proof do you have?  Can you prove it?	ang
M	For God's sake, three years?  Nobody comes back after three years. It's insane.	fru
F	To you it is, to me it is.  But to your father?  You can talk yourself 'til you're blue in the face but there's was no grave and there is no body.  So where are you?	ang
M	Okay, all right.  Mom, sit down.  I want to talk to you.	fru
F	The trouble is those god damn news papers.  Every month some boy comes back missing longer then Larry so--	ang
M	Yeah, okay all right, all right.  Listen, um, you know why I asked Annie here, right?	fru
F	Why?	ang
M	You know.	xxx
F	Well, I've got an idea but what's the story?	xxx
M	I'm going to ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well, that's only your business, Chris.	fru
M	You know it's not just my business.	fru
F	Well, what do you want me to do?  You're old enough known your own business.	ang
M	So it's okay then?  I'm just going to go ahead with it?	fru
F	You want to make sure that your father's not going to...	xxx
M	See.  Then it's not just my business. Sometimes you infuriate me, you know that?  You know it's just your business too if I tell father and he throws a fit about it, huh?	ang
F	I'm just saying.	fru
F	I'm sorry.  I ignore what I've got to ignore. That girl is Larry's girl.	ang
M	She is not Larry's girl.	ang
F	From father's point of view he is not dead and you have no right to take his girl.  I'm just saying that you can go on from there if you know where to go but I'm saying I don't know where to go.  See, I don't know.	ang
M	I don't know why it is you know every time I reach out for something I have to pull back 'cause I'm afraid it's going to hurt somebody.  All my life...	fru
F	You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong in that.	neu
M	To hell with that.	ang
F	Did you ask Annie yet?	neu
M	No, I wanted to get this all sorted out first.	sad
F	Well, how do you know she's going to marry you?  Maybe she feels same way your father does.	fru
M	Well, if she does then that's the end of it.  However from her letters I think she's pretty much forgotten him.	xxx
F	The trouble is you don't see enough women, you never did.	fru
M	So what?  I'm just--I'm not fast with women.	fru
F	I don't see why it has to be Annie.	ang
M	Because it is.	fru
F	That's a good answer but it doesn't answer anything.  You haven't seen her since you went away to war, it's been five years.	ang
M	I don't know, it I think of her, I grew up next to her.  She is what I think of when I think of a wife.	fru
F	He thinks he's coming back, Chris.  You marry that girl you're pronouncing him dead.	sad
F	Do you know what that'll do to you, to your father, do you know?  I don't.	ang
M	All right then.	xxx
F	Give it some more thought.	xxx
M	I've given it lots of thought.  And I keep coming back to the same thing.	fru
M	When I think of a family, when I think of my future I see Annie in the center of that and you know and if that can't happen here then I'll go somewhere else.	fru
F	What the hell is this?	sur
M	I'll leave.  I'll get married and move somewhere else maybe New York.	fru
F	Are you crazy?	ang
M	I'll do it.	xxx
F	You have a business here.  I said what the hell is this?	ang
M	Business?  The business doesn't inspire me.	ang
F	Oh, must you be inspired.	ang
M	Yes, yes I like it for one hour a day.  I don't care if I have to grub for money all day long when I come home I want it nice, I want a family, I want to kids and Annie is in the center of that.	ang
M	If that can't happen here...	fru
F	You mean to tell me you would leave the business for this.	xxx
M	Yes, on this I would.	neu
F	Well, you don't want to think like that.	ang
M	Then help me stay here mom.	sad
F	All right but you don't think like that because what the hell is this all for.  This is all for you, what are we working for Chris? The whole shooting match is for you.	ang
M	I know, I know.	xxx
M	Then help me stay.	sad
F	Well, you don't think like that.	ang
M	I am thinking like that.	ang
F	I don't understand you, do I?	ang
M	No, you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.	sad
F	Well, I can see that.	ang

F	What's going on?	xxx
M	Kathy died last night.	sad
F	Oh my God. Oh my God, I'm so sorry.	sur
M	yeah, I mean, you know, it was a -	sad
M	I guess we saw it coming and she lasted a lot - a lot longer than, uh, they expected but you know, I mean when it actually happens it's just a lot harder.	sad
F	It doesn't make any easier, yes.	sad
M	I mean at least she was home, she wasn't in the hospital anymore,	sad
F	Oh, man. I'm so sorry.	sad
M	She was with- yeah  She was with Gary, and he said that she was just sitting there and went to sleep, closed her eyes, and that was it.	sad
F	It's going to be so rough, I'm sorry.	sad
M	Yes. I mean, it's not as rough on me as it is on him but	sad
M	God, it's you know, we've spent so much time with them it's just really surreal, really weird that we're not going to be able to see her anymore and go	sad
F	Yeah.	sad
M	out to- out to dinner you know and do the troops to California, I mean.	sad
F	Totally.	sad
M	It's just that- I don't know, it's sort it's sort- of a weird thing you know	sad
F	Yeah	sad
M	not being able to see anyone again, who knows where they really went, you know. I mean, I guess we can just hope that wherever they are now if it's anywhere that it's better I mean.	sad
F	Yes. Well, at least you have a lot of good memories.	sad
M	She was [garbage]	sad
F	She really cared about you, you know.	sad
M	Yes, I mean she cared about all of us. She was great	sad
M	so loving everybody you know.	sad
F	And she was	sad
M	Gosh, I just hate I just hate to see her go.	sad
F	Yeah.	sad
M	We were all going take a trip to Europe you know.	sad
F	Even if you still do she'll- she'll be there.	sad
M	Yes.  [BREATHING] God.	sad
F	Are you going to be okay?	sad
M	I just -- I just don't get it, like there is just nothing you can do about it you know, it's like just out of your control and it	sad
M	just makes it that much harder to deal 'cause as much as you want to, you know, make her better, see her not in any pain, it's like, just I don't know, just has a mind of its own.	sad
M	Then she's gone.	sad
F	It's going to be okay, I promise.	sad
M	Well, you know I appreciate you coming over and talking to me, I mean it definitely helps	sad
F	Sure	sad
M	to talk to somebody but	sad
F	you shouldn't be alone	sad
M	It's just going to take a while, I think.	sad
F	Yes.	sad
M	Ah.	sad
M	Thank you.	sad
F	Yes.	sad

M	It's only going to be a year.	sad
F	It's the first year of your child's life.	xxx
M	There's really -- there's nothing I can do.	xxx
F	You're just fine with this?	xxx
M	There's nothing I --	fru
F	You're just going to pick up and leave me and our baby and miss a year of our lives?	fru
M	It's -- look, it's only a year.  It'll go by quickly.  Okay.	fru
F	When you get back, think of all of the things that you're going to have missed.	xxx
M	I know, but I'll be back then.  And - and- and we'll have -- we have the rest of our lives.	fru
F	Don't go.	xxx
M	I can't do that.  I have to go.	fru
F	Do you want to -- do you want to leave us behind?  I mean, I don't understand why you have to do this.	fru
M	I've made a pledge.  I can't not do this at this point.	fru
F	You've made a pledge to us, too.  Remember that day, we stood in front of each other and said 'til death do us part.  Put on some rings and it's supposed to mean something.	xxx
M	I know that. I know that. I know that.	fru
M	There's nothing I can do.  I mean, I have to go.	neu
M	And this is what I do.  This is -- I mean, this is my life.  And I know that you're part of my life, too, and I mean, it's only -- it's just going to be a year.  I'll be back.	fru
F	Can't you ask them?  Can't you go back and ask them if you could -- I don't know if you could change  assignments or something and you could stay here?	fru
M	It's not- it's not- It's not like that.  It's not like that.  I can't do that.	fru
F	Why not?  You could, at least, try.  They have to understand	fru
M	Because it's impossible.  There's -- I just can't.  I can't.	fru
F	You won't even know your child when you come back.  This -- isn't there someone you could talk to?	sad
F	Explain the situation to them and then you can stay here.	fru
M	Look, honey, it's- it's- it's only going to be a year.	fru
M	It's only going to be a year. I'm not going to miss my son's entire life.	fru
F	And what happens if, at the end of that year, they ask you to stay longer?  Are you just going to agree?  Are you just going to absentmindedly brainwashedly do whatever it is they tell you to do?	fru
M	I'm not going to stay more than a year.  I've  agreed to a year	fru
F	Then why do you have to go a year at all?	fru
M	Because I've already agreed to that.	fru
F	Well unagree.  Tell them that you can't leave right now.  I can't do this by myself.  I can't do this without you.	fru
M	Yes, you can.  Yes, you can.  You know you can.  You're a strong person.	fru
F	This is supposed to be a partnership.  We're supposed to do this together. I'm not supposed to be left here to do this by myself while you leave.	xxx
M	It is. It is. It is. It is. I'm going to write you every day.	fru
F	What am I supposed to do, read your letters?	xxx
M	What else can we do?  I -- we don't have a choice in this.  Do you understand?  You can't come with me and I can't stay here.  That's all there is to it.	fru
F	There has to be something.  I mean, we can't just live with this.  It's not -- it just won't work this way.	fru
M	We don't have a choice.  I have to do this.	fru
F	Just tell them no.	fru
M	I can't do it.  I'd love to.  I mean, I don't - if you understand, I don't want to stay.	fru
M	I mean, I don't want to -- I don't want to leave.  I want to stay here with you.	fru
F	Then, can't you please try something?  If you go and ask them and they say no, then I would understand, but you're not even willing to ask.	fru
F	Can't you just make an effort?  Can't you just try?	fru
M	I've asked already.  I can't go back.	fru
M	It can't happen.  I have to go.  I want to stay really bad, but I can't.  There's just no -- I don't have an option.	fru
F	When do you leave?	sad
M	Next week.	fru
F	A week.  You're giving me a week to be okay with this.	ang
M	You can't make it out like I'm happy about this.  I mean, I didn't -- I didn't want to put you in this situation.	fru
F	Well it doesn't seem like you're that bothered by it.	fru
M	I am.  I mean, I don't know.  I don't know what else to tell -- you know, I mean, I can tell you.  I don't know what else to do. I mean, I've been forced into this situation.	fru
F	If you really cared so much, you'd find a way out.	fru
M	There's nothing I can do.  I-- I	fru
F	Fine, fine.  We have to be together.  If you can't stay here, then I'll go with you.  I don't care where you go.  We'll go, too.  I'm not staying behind.	xxx
M	They won't let you come along.  It's not going to happen.	fru
F	It's a free world.  I can go where I want.  Wherever you are, that's where we're going to go.	fru
M	Are you kidding? Please don't be difficult about this.	fru
F	Difficult.  You're leaving for a year. We have a newborn child and you're leaving.  I don't think I'm being difficult.	xxx
M	[BREATHING]	fru
F	I'm finding a way to make it work.  And I will go wherever you go.  Whatever I have to do, I will make this work.	fru
M	Look, I--	fru
F	You're not really giving me a lot of options.	fru
M	Where I'm going is not the safest place on the earth.  Okay.	fru
F	But I'm supposed to be okay with you going there.	fru
M	But I've been trained.  You have no training.	fru
F	I'm not going to stay here and wait.	xxx
M	You have to.  Do you understand me?  You have to.	fru
F	I can't do it.	xxx
M	Well I guess we're at a stalemate then, aren't we?	fru

M	Oh, man, I just -- I don't know what to do.  I don't know what to do.  It's like every job, you know, I go to; every job I apply to,	fru
M	it's just like nobody- nobody wants to hire me. It's been years, I mean, do you understand, years?  Like, I'm -- you know what I mean, it's like I've been collecting unemployment for so long now, it's just like I just -- I can't take it.  I don't know what to do.  I mean, I'm just like losing my mind.	fru
F	Well there has to be something you haven't tried.	neu
M	I-I'm not kidding.  I've tried everything.  Like I've gone to every business and local, you know,	fru
M	local business in- in the area and I can't- I can't get anything.  Like, nobody -	fru
F	What about like a temp agency?	neu
F	Have you gone, like, signed up with a temp agency?  Maybe they can help.	neu
M	there's just like no jobs available.  I mean, it's just like, God.	neu
M	Yeah, I tried that.  And there was like, yeah, like I did like one thing once.  But, like, that's not -- it doesn't last very long.  And it's not enough to live on.	fru
F	Right, but you have -- I mean, you have to keep on them.  You have to keep calling and reminding them that you're still looking and	neu
F	I mean, you have to be really aggressive about it.	neu
M	Yeah, I do.  I do.  You don't understand.	fru
M	I- You don't understand. I don't have a job.  All- My job is to look for a job.  I don't do anything else.	fru
M	But, like, it's been years now and I just can't seem to get anything that really fits.  It's just it -- I -- it drives me absolutely insane.	fru
F	Well, I mean, if it's that bad, maybe you're gonna have to take something that doesn't really fit, you know.  Like maybe you'll have to do something else for a while.  Find a new field, new skill.	neu
M	No, no, no, no, no.  I can't- I can't do that.  I can't, I- because if I'm not- if I'm not- if I'm not doing something that I love, then I can't -- I can't- I mean it's- what's the point?	fru
F	Well then you're choosing to be unemployed, really.	neu
M	I'm not choosing. I'm not-	fru
F	If you're not willing to try and work with it and find something and, you know, I mean, there are things you could do.	neu
M	No, but I'm try- but like all the things that I-it's like I apply to all these places and none of them	fru
M	-- I mean, I don't understand.  It's like -- I mean, I feel like I'm qualified enough.  I just don't understand.  Like, I mean, it's just like a matter of circumstance, but it's been three years, you know, three years.	fru
F	Well maybe, you know, your luck it is just down and the market for your particular field is down and maybe you just need to look into doing something else for a while.	neu
M	This is stupid.	fru
F	I mean, I'm not saying that you should, you know--	neu
M	You know what, this is your fault.	fru
F	Excuse me?	sur
M	It's your fault 'cause -cause you always told me to- to do this and I did that instead.  And I didn't take your advice and - and- but you sort of were like were telling--	fru
F	It's my fault 'cause you didn't do what I told you to?	neu
M	Yeah, exactly.	fru
F	Well that sounds like your fault.	neu
M	Yeah.	fru
F	You didn't do what I told you to do.	neu
M	That's 'cause you always tell me to do the wrong thing.  And I thought this time it was -- I was gonna be right by going with the opposite thing. So it's your fault because	fru
M	-because you were always wrong and-and-and this time you were right. And-and I didn't -- yeah, that's why.	fru
F	That's amazing logic that you managed to turn that around and make it my fault.	xxx
M	Well, I mean, it makes sense, doesn't it, hmm?	neu
F	I think maybe you can't get employed because you aren't willing to take responsibility for your own actions.	neu
M	That's not true.  I take responsibility for my own actions.	neu
F	Really?  Whose fault is it you don't have a job?	neu
M	Yours.  I don't--	neu
F	[LAUGHTER]	neu
F	You see what you just did there, though?	xxx
M	I had- No, I don't.  I'm sorry.  I just totally screwed this one up.  You can stop it I guess.	oth

M	Welcome to Northwest Airlines.  How can I help you?	fru
F	You guys lost my bag.	fru
M	Did you file a complaint already?	fru
F	Yeah.  Yeah I did.	fru
M	Where?  Did you do it at the front desk or by the baggage claims?	fru
F	I-I don't know.  The place where they told me to go.  Look they told me to come talk to you because you guys lost my bag.  Not it's late.  Not it will be here soon, lost it completely.  What are you going to do about that?	fru
M	Ma'am, first of all I'd like you to calm down.  Second of all-	fru
F	Look that bag has my entire life in it and you just lost it.	fru
M	I understand that ma'am.	xxx
F	Lost it just, like, I mean,	ang
M	Ma'am, I understand that.	fru
F	it's not like it just disappeared into thin air. Somebody wasn't paying attention	ang
F	because my bag was very easy to keep track of.  It's got big, you know, rainbow colored crap all over it and no one was paying attention because now it's just gone.	ang
M	I understand that.  The best I can do for you, at this moment, is give you fifty dollar check courtesy of Northwest Airlines for inconveniencing you in losing your luggage.	fru
F	Wait.  What?	sur
M	At this moment in time, all I can do for you is give you-	fru
F	No. No. I heard- I heard what you said.	ang
F	You're kidding me, right.  You're going to give me fifty dollars to completely cover my bag, everything that was in it, the inconvenience that I've gone through.  I paid for my ticket.  All I expect is to safely get to my destination with my stuff.  Is that so much to ask?  I mean I really don't think that's that big a deal to ask you guys to have my bag in the place where I leave and then put my bag where I end up.	ang
M	you're getting very excited right now	fru
F	Yeah, well that's got everything I have in it.	ang
M	I understand that, ma'am but there's not really much I can do for you right now.	fru
F	Look fifty dollars is unacceptable.  My bag itself cost over a hundred and fifty dollars.  You can't just give me fifty dollar gift certificate to Percoes or whatever the hell and then send me off like that's- that's good enough.  Like that's all I needed was fifty dollars.  My bag is worth more than that.	ang
M	What I need you to do is file another complaint form. There's a form that you can fill out over by the front desk near the baggage claim.	fru
M	If you'd like to take that over to the front desk- Ma'am.	fru
M	We're just talking over each other.	fru
M	We're not going to communicate anything this way.	fru
F	I expect your airline who was responsible for my bag to give me the equivalent of the bag and all of the things in it.	ang
M	Ma'am in flying with Northwest Airlines you agreed to	fru
M	sign away your luggage to the	fru
F	I didn't sign anything. I didn't sign anything. And you people have got to make-	ang
M	It's part of the small- it's part of the agreement when you're purchasing an airline ticket, there's- when you-	fru
F	You have to make amends for what you did for losing my bag and all of my stuff.  Fifty dollars is unacceptable.	ang
M	Ma'am, please calm down.  When you purchase a ticket, there is a terms and agreement,	fru
F	No.  No.  I don't know. You know what? I'm going to call my lawyer. You know what?  That's what I'm going to do.  I'm going to call my lawyer and have him get down here and explain to you that this is an unacceptable option.	ang
M	terms and conditions- in the agreement of purchasing a ticket. Most people frequently look it over	fru
M	The best that we can do for you is give you-	fru
M	Ma'am.	fru
F	I want to talk to your supervisor.	ang
M	I am- I am- I am my own supervisor.	fru
F	I've had enough.  I want to talk to-no, no unacceptable I want to your supervisor. I am done with this.	ang
M	I am the supervisor, ma'am.	fru
F	Really, you don't work for anybody.  It's just you?	ang
M	I am the current manager on duty.	fru
F	Okay.  Well I want to call whoever you report to, whoever your boss is because I have had enough with this airline and I am finished waiting for my fifty dollar gift certificate.	ang
M	Ma'am, I own Northwest Airlines.	fru

M	I'm sorry, Joy.	sad
F	It's okay.	xxx
M	Is there anything I can get you?  Do you want me to take care of anything for you or...?	neu
F	No, no, no.	xxx
M	...pick up anything?	neu
F	No.	sad
M	You know you are welcome to stay at my house if you want to just check out for a couple days and hang out.	sad
F	That's sweet.	neu
F	Thank you.	neu
F	I went to see her headstone a week or two ago.	sad
F	I used to go to cemeteries a lot before she died.  I just, you know, I felt like they were urban oasis, you know, there is always this green in the city.	sad
M	Hmm.	neu
F	So I was like wandering around before.  It takes forever to find her headstone; I always lose it. You know.	sad
F	So I was looking at this other one and there was like a piece of candy there and I thought that I would take the candy and put it on her headstone.  And-	sad
F	this woman came up and, you know, it was hers. It was her person that was there.	neu
M	Oh.  She was there?	neu
F	Yeah.  And she was like, that's pathetic, I hope you enjoy it.	sad
F	And I, you know, I mean, I said I was sorry and I brought it back to her kind of and I like put it on the ground and she was like, no, it's fine.  She was like, I would rather have her back, honestly.	sad
M	Mmhmm.	neu
F	I don't know.  It just, like, I felt so bad because I shouldn't have done it.  I don't know.  Whatever.	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
F	I don't know.	sad
M	How long were you there for?	neu
F	At the cemetery?	sad
M	Mmhmm.	neu
F	couple hours.	sad
F	I brought- I brought Chuck with me. He went to Redlands, yeah, for the day.  We ran through the sprinklers.	neu
M	Oh really?	neu
M	You ran through the sprinklers in the cemetery?	neu
F	It was hot.[LIPSMACK]	xxx
M	Is it a big cemetery?	neu
F	Yeah.  It's huge.  Redlands is an old city so they have lots and lots of stones.	neu
M	Oh, so they're like really old too, really old ones?	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
F	It's weird.  Whenever I go back to town, I think of her.  I mean, it's like ... I mean we grew up together and she died when we were twenty one.  And yeah.  She had cancer, she had two brain tumors.	sad
F	My best friend Heather.  She's got a- we have a- we built this like little--  There's a park, Prospect Park.  And there is like a garden section of it that we set up for her.	sad
F	She used to have these poetry parties on Memorial Day.	sad
M	Mmhmm.	neu
F	Umm. Yeah.	sad
F	And the last time before she died, I remember she couldn't really stand, umm...	sad
F	But I mean she could, but it was- so it was kind of sitting at her feet holding her up and she had these poems she had memorized.  And I remember looking up, she had curly red hair and there was this palm tree right behind her and it was like a crown growing right out of her head.  It was cool.	sad
M	Mmhmm.	neu
F	Some, I guess.  She memorized this one, John Dunn, it's called, Death Be Not Proud. and-	sad
M	So she wrote a lot of poetry?	neu
F	There's another one, I can't remember.	neu
F	I remember, too, when we were--  she died at U.C.L.A.  She had brain surgery and there was not much hope to begin with, but I gave blood for her surgery, her mom and I before, so we dropped her off in the waiting room and then we were giving blood and came back.  And she, in her wheelchair, like can hardly do anything, reciting her poetry for these people like in the waiting room.  All she needs is a God damn audience.  You know?	sad
M	Mmhmm.Mmhmm.Mmhmm.	xxx

F	Look at this, goose bumps.	neu
M	Well so what'd you think?	neu
F	About what?	xxx
M	What I said.	neu
F	It's ridiculous.	xxx
M	Certainly is not.  It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	fru
F	It's PR.  Somebody sold you a bill of goods that this wonderful event is going to take place on the beach.	xxx
M	I'm not the only one.  Look at these people.	xxx
F	Sure.  They're all told the same story.  It's what keeps us coming back for more; keeps us excited; keeps us thinking that life is going to start any minute now if we could just find the right spot; get in on the action.	xxx
M	Are we talking about the same thing?	xxx
F	Well, I'm sorry, but it's still just fish to me.	xxx
M	Carla, can I ask you something?  Don't take this the wrong way, but are you having your period?	fru
F	Goddamn it, Augie, don't ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  You always ask me that.  It's insulting.	ang
M	Well what's bugging you?	ang
F	We just have different ideas about what this evening is supposed to look like.	ang
M	There's nothing to it.  We come down here.  The grunions arrive.  They do their little fish business.  We go ooh, ah, look at the fish.  They go home.  We go home.	ang
F	For heaven's sake, we are not going to see the grunions.	xxx
M	Why not?	xxx
F	We never do, do we?  Have we ever?	ang
M	We've missed them twice.	xxx
M	That's not ever.	xxx
F	Twice is every time we've tried.  That's ever.	fru
M	We'll see them this year.	fru
F	No, we won't.  It's pointless.  It's like waiting up to see Santa Claus.  I feel as though my entire life is going to be spent standing on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for the fish to show up.  And the fish won't show up.	xxx
M	I thought you wanted to see them.	xxx
F	You don't have any idea what I'm saying.	fru
M	No, of course, not.	fru
F	I did want to see it.  I always do.  I keep thinking this time will be the time, but it never is.	ang
M	It's just fish; nothing to get traumatized over.	fru
F	For heaven's sake, this is not about fish.	xxx
M	I've been trying to work this backwards, but I can't seem to pinpoint the moment when we took a turn for the worse.	fru
M	You were fine during the phone call from Marge.  Dinner was okay.  Doing the dishes was no problem.  Let's see, I took a shower.  Uh, you watched the news.  You said the grunions are running tonight.  I said great, let's go.  I feel lucky tonight.	fru
M	Uh,okay.  So I'm putting on my jacket; putting out the animals;	fru
F	Do you remember the first time we came to see it?	xxx
M	uh, taking the car out of the gara- out of the garage.	fru
M	Uh.	fru
F	It was about four years ago, right after we got married.  We thought I was pregnant and we had a bottle of champagne but no glasses.  You asked me to dance.  So we took off our shoes and you popped the cork.	sad
F	And while we were dancing, you said the softest, most intimate things to me, right into my ear so that I could feel them as much as hear them.  And I remember thinking this is it.  At last, at last I'm as happy as I'm supposed to be.	xxx
M	Wait a minute, I've got it.	neu
F	Dancing barefoot in the sand; drinking champagne from the bottle.	sad
M	It was in the car, right?  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker?  You said let's get some champagne and I said times a wasting or something like that.  Right?  That's it, right?  You want this to be like the other time.  That's it.  Of course.	neu
F	I'd rather not remember some things.  I'd rather not hope for some things.	sad
M	Sure.  Okay.  Alright.  I've got it.  Listen do you want to dance?	xxx
F	No.	sad
M	You want to get some champagne?	xxx
F	No.	sad
M	What, you want me to breathe in your ear?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	You want to get married again?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	What, you want a divorce?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A vacation?	fru
F	No.	ang
M	A new carpet?  A poodle?  An ice cream?  A back rub?  A suicide pact?  What?  What, Carla?  What the hell do you want?	xxx
F	I want something to turn out the way it's supposed to.	ang
M	Well welcome to the human race.  You think this is what I had in mind?  You think that when I proposed, I had this great fantasy going that four years down the line, we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish?  No.	ang
M	No, I'm just like you.  I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and wind in our hair and sand in our toes and the fish will always come and the bills will always pay themselves.	xxx
M	And we'll have three fat rosy kids and ha, ha, ha, baby, the joke's on us, 'cause you know what you get, Carla?  You know what you get?  This.	ang
F	This what?  What is this?  This isn't even anything.	ang
M	Yes, it is.	fru
F	Oh, right, sure.  This is standing on the beach.   This is waiting.  This is fighting.	ang
M	Right.	fru
F	But this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.	ang
M	No, I know, me neither.	ang
F	This is just this.  I mean, it includes a lot and everything, but it's just not, you know, something else.  Do you have any idea what I'm trying to say?	xxx
M	I'm doing the best I can.	fru
F	I know you are, Augie.  Really, I do.  I know you meant for this to be special and nice and it's the full moon and the sand and everything.  But I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.	fru
M	Maybe if you were with somebody else, too, huh?	xxx
F	I didn't say that.	sad
M	No, I know.  But still.  I know I don't make you happy.	sad
F	For heaven's sake, whatever I'm doing, I'd rather be doing it with you.	xxx
M	Yeah?	sur
F	Well don't be ridiculous.  Don't you know that?  You're the one who probably wishes you were with somebody else; somebody who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.	xxx
M	Actually, now that you mention it, no.  I don't.	hap
F	Okay, fine.  So we're in the wrong spot, but we're with the right person.	hap
M	I don't know.  It seemed like a good spot to me.  I mean, look at the view you've got of the moon from here.	hap
F	Yeah, I noticed that.  Looks pretty on the water, doesn't it?  Big ol' white moon.  I'm sorry, Augie.	hap
M	Shh.  If we're very quiet, the fish might come.	hap
F	Or not.	xxx
M	Or not.	xxx

F	Hey, how you doing?	sad
F	I'm sorry.	sad
M	Thanks.	sad
F	I know- I know there's nothing I can say that will really help, but--	sad
M	I know.  I just -- I don't know.  It's just weird because you have somebody who's, you know,	sad
M	a major part of your life and then they're gone.  And I don't know.  That's not really -- it's never really happened to me before.	sad
F	I'm sorry.  It's never easy.	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
F	But, I'm here if there's anything you need.  I mean, you just have to ask.  I know --	sad
M	Thanks.	sad
F	--it doesn't really do anything.  But--	sad
M	I just -- it's just not fair.	sad
F	I know.  It never is.	sad
F	How's, um -- how's his parents doing?	sad
M	I mean, they're, you know, they're upset.  It's like you know, they	sad
M	feel the same way everybody else does.	sad
F	I mean, what do you want to do?  Do you want to- do you want to talk about it?  Do you-	sad
M	[BREATHING] I mean, there's nothing really to talk about.  He's gone and I'll never see him again.	sad
F	Well I know it's not a lot of help or anything, but at least you got to know him.  I mean, at least you had the time with him that you did.	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
F	I mean, we can be grateful for that.	sad
M	Yeah, I don't know.  Sometimes I wish I didn't know him.  So I wouldn't--	sad
F	You feel that way now because you're upset.  But you don't really think that.	sad
F	It'll get better.  I know it doesn't help, but it will get better and you will remember all of the good things that you guys had; all of the memories that you have with him that were happy and you'll be grateful for those.	sad
M	This is just -- this is a terrible life.  I just don't understand.	sad
F	Just life, in general?	xxx
M	I mean, it's just not fair.  Like, I don't know.  Why people -	sad
M	there should just be some sort of rule that people don't die until they're older, 'cause then, at least, it's expected.	sad
F	I agree.  If I knew how to make that happen, I would certainly help you.	sad
M	I don't know what to do.	sad
F	When's the service? Can- can we help?  Is there anything, I mean--	sad
M	I mean, you- you can go.  I don't know.  I don't know what else.	sad
M	I hope it rains.  Somehow that'll make me feel more comfortable.	sad
F	Seems like if the whole world's sad, then it's okay for you to be.	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
M	I just wish there was some way to just bring him back to life magically.	sad
F	I know.	sad
M	Just, you know, some thing; some genie. I need to find a genie bottle.	sad
F	I don't have any magic answers.  But,	sad
F	I mean, as- as cliche as it is, as long as people who loved him remember him, then it's not a waste, you know.	sad
M	I know.	sad

F	How's it going, babe?	neu
F	Yeah?	neu
M	All right.	neu
F	Good.	xxx
F	Hey listen,eh- I've been wanting to talk to you. I have something to tell you. How's Amy doing?	xxx
M	She's doing fine. She just took her first steps today actually. I videotaped it for you so you can watch it.	hap
F	yeah.	xxx
F	oh.	exc
F	I really want to say that. Well I, so, you know, at the center department they called me in and I talked to-	xxx
M	Oh, yeah? What did they say?	xxx
F	Well umm- actually they--I was promoted.	exc
M	Oh, wow. That's great.	xxx
F	And Uh- Yeah. Uh- They're going to need um- more nurses on call for uh- to go overseas to help out with the war.	sad
F	And uh - seeing as I was uh- promoted and head of the department now, and so- well, they asked me to go.	xxx
F	yeah.	sad
M	when?	sur
F	It's going- It's going to be probably in about three weeks.	sad
M	What? You can't do that. Three weeks?	sur
F	yeah	sad
F	Well, I'm leaving in three weeks, but-- Yeah.	xxx
M	God, we're supposed to take a look at a house next week.	fru
F	Maybe we can still do that	fru
M	I can't- No, I can't do this alone.	ang
F	Yeah, and uh--	sad
M	Amy's starting school in a month.	xxx
F	I know, but look, I have to take this. I mean, if I don't, I mean, I could get fired.	fru
F	And we know you need-we need the money. We couldn't even- purchase a house if I didn't take this.	fru
M	God.	fru
M	You know what happened to my cousin. She went and she never came back.	fru
F	Honey, I'm going to come back. It's not like that.	sad
F	But it- it is for a year.	sad
M	Oh	fru
F	Babe, I'm sorry. But I don't want to do.	sad
M	I can't-	fru
F	You know as much as -as much as me that I-I want to stay here with you and Amy so bad, but I can't.	sad
M	You remember the last time you went? You know how hard it was for me? Now we have a kid.	xxx
F	But you're so good with her. You know, she knows you better than she knows me 'cause I'm at work every day.	fru
M	I have to work.	sad
M	[BREATHING]	fru
F	Babe, I love you.	sad
M	You can't leave your daughter alone like this.	sad
F	But she has you. I mean, that's what you're there for. You're my right-hand man.	sad
F	It's going to be okay.	sad
M	You can't postpone it?	sad
F	No, I have to go.	sad
F	Wait, you can write me and as you know, send me pictures.	sad
M	I don't know if I can handle you going another year.	sad
F	What do you mean?	sad
M	I don't know if I- if I could take it.	sad
F	Look, I need you to be strong for me. 'Cause I can't be the only one that's strong right now, really, I--	sad
M	I can't be that strong. A whole year.	sad
M	me, oh my god.	sad
F	But we can work, you know, we--you can write me and we could see pictures	xxx
M	What if you don't come back?	fru
F	and if we survive, if we survive that then babe, you know you know we could survive any--	sad
F	I will come back.	sad
M	What am I supposed--oh, one out of five people aren't coming back.	xxx
M	It doesn't look very good.	sad
F	I can do it. I'm going to do it. And I'll be back safe and sound and-	xxx
F	we'll have all the money that we ever needed.	sad
F	And- And then I'll stop working and- I'll stay home with the baby.	sad
M	I don't want the money. I want-you here	sad
M	we'll get money, all right? You don't need the job, all right?	xxx
M	If your life is going to be in danger and this family is going to be in danger we don't need the job. We'll find the money.	ang
F	It's all I ever knew how to do. I can't quit now.	sad
M	How are we supposed to tell Amy? How's she supposed to understand that?	sad
F	Well, we- we tell her mommy's going on va- on a trip for for- a while.	sad
M	How is she going to feel the first year in school, no mom.	sad
F	Don't do that to me.	sad
F	It's hard enough already, Brian, I can't.	sad
M	I'm not thinking about just me; I'm thinking about our child.	xxx
F	I know.	sad
F	I didn't expect this to happen. I never planned for this. Some things you just don't plan for, you know.	sad
F	I'm sorry, babe.	sad
F	I'm so sorry.	sad
M	All right, then.	sad

F	Why did he invite her here?	ang
M	Why does that bother you?	xxx
F	She's been in New York three and half years why all of a sudden-	ang
M	Well, maybe he just wanted to see her again.	neu
F	Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.	ang
M	What do you mean? He lived next door to the girl all his life, why wouldn't he want to see her again?	fru
M	Don't look at me like that, he didn't tell me any more than he told you.	fru
F	He's not going to marry her.	ang
M	How do you know he's even thinking of it?	neu
F	It's got that all about it.	xxx
M	Well, so what?	neu
F	What's going on here Joe?	ang
M	All right. Now, listen kid-	xxx
F	-She's not his girl Joe; she knows she's not.	ang
M	You can't read her mind.	neu
F	Then why is she still single, I mean New York is full of men, why isn't she married? Probably a hundred people told her she's crazy but she's waited.	fru
M	How do you know why she has waited?	fru
F	She knows what I know, that's why. She's faithful as a rock. In my worst moments I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.	fru
M	Look it's a nice day, what are we arguing for?	fru
F	Nobody in this house dares take her faith away Joe. Strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.	fru
M	What do you want me to do about it?	fru
F	I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you. Don't you think I haven't noticed since he invited her, I won't stand for any nonsense	ang
M	But Kate	fru
F	Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself. And laugh -- laugh at me but	fru
F	why did that happen the very night she came back she sleeps in his room and suddenly his memorial breaks to pieces, just look at it, look.	xxx
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	I need you to believe with me; I can't stand all alone.	sad
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Even last week there was a man who showed up in Detroit missing longer than Larry, you read it yourself.	fru
M	All right. All right. Calm yourself.	fru
F	Just you above all need to believe.	fru
M	Wait, why my above all?	xxx
F	Don't stop believing.	fru
M	What does that mean, me above all?	ang
M	Look at you -- look at you shaking.	ang
F	I can't help it.	fru
M	What have I got to hide? What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?	fru

M	Good God.	fea
F	Do you think it's them?	xxx
M	I wonder.	fea
F	Nobody knows we're here, except Freda and she wouldn't ring up.	fea
M	It must be them, then.	fea
F	What are we to do?	fea
M	We'll be alright, darling.  Whatever happens, aren't we?	neu
F	Now and always sweet.	xxx
M	I don't care, then.	exc
F	It was bound to come sooner or later.	xxx
M	Hello, hello.  What?  Wrong number.	xxx
F	Oh, it sent shivers up my spine.	exc
M	What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?	exc
F	Behave exquisitely.	exc
M	With the mo- with the most perfect poise?	exc
F	Certainly.  I shall probably do a court curtsey.	exc
M	Ah.  Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter when one's happy, do they?	xxx
F	But what's so horrible is that one can't stay happy.	exc
M	Don't say that, darling.	xxx
F	It's true.  The whole business is a very poor joke.	exc
M	Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing, love?	neu
F	Yes, meaning just that.	xxx
M	What does it all mean?  That's what I ask myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God, what does it all mean?	xxx
F	Don't laugh at me.  I'm serious.	xxx
M	You mustn't be serious, my dear.  That's just what they want.	neu
F	Who's they?	exc
M	All the futile moralists who try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them.  Be flippant.  Laugh at everything.  All their sacred shibboleths.  Flippancy brings out the acid- acid in their damn sweetness and light.	ang
F	If I laugh at everything, I must laugh at us, too.	neu
M	Certainly you must.  We're figures of fun alright.	xxx
F	How long will it last, this ludicrous and overbearing love of ours?	exc
M	Who knows.	xxx
F	Shall we always want to bicker and fight?	exc
M	No.  That fire will fade along with our passion.	sad
F	Oh, dear.  Should we like that.	xxx
M	It all depends on how well we've played.	xxx
F	What happens if one of us dies?  Does the one that's left, still laugh?	exc
M	Yes.  Yes, with all his might.	xxx
F	Well that's serious enough, isn't it?	exc
M	No, no, it isn't.  Death's very laughable; such a cunning little mystery, all done with mirrors.	xxx
F	Darling, I believe you're talking nonsense.	xxx
M	So is everyone else in the long run.  Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and- and enjoy the party as much as we can, like very small, quite idiotic little school children.	xxx
M	Let's savor the delight of the moment.  Come and kiss me, darling, before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.	exc
F	Elliot, worms don't pop.	xxx
M	I don't mind what you do, see?  You can paint yourself bright green all over and dance naked in the Place Vendome and rush off madly with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word as long as you love me best.	xxx
F	Thank you, dear.  The same applies to you, except that if I catch you so much as looking at another woman, I will kill you.	exc
M	Do you remember that awful scene we had in Venice?	xxx
F	Which particular one?	exc
M	The one when you bought that little painted wooded snake and put it on my bed?	xxx
F	Oh, Charles; that was his name, Charles.  Oh, he did wriggle so beautifully.	exc
M	Horrible thing.  I hated it.	ang
F	I know you did.  You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.	exc
M	How long did that row last?	xxx
F	It went on intermittently for days.	exc
M	The worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt holes in my dressing gown.	xxx
F	It burnt my comb, too, and all the towels in the bathroom.	exc
M	Line?	neu
M	How -- that was a rouser wasn't it?	exc
F	That was the first time you ever hit me.	exc
M	I didn't hit you very hard.	xxx
F	The manager came in and found is rolling about on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.  Oh, dear.	exc
M	Ah, I shall never forget his face.	xxx
F	How ridiculous. How utterly, utterly ridiculous.	exc
M	Yes.  We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	And very much sillier.	exc
M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	neu

F	Excuse me.	neu
M	Do you have your forms?	fru
F	Yeah.	neu
M	Let me see them.	fru
F	Is there a problem?	neu
M	Who told you to get in this line?	fru
F	You did.	xxx
F	You were standing at the beginning and you directed me.	xxx
M	Okay. But I didn't tell you to get in this line if you are filling out this particular form.	fru
F	Well what's the problem?  Let me change it.	neu
M	This form is a Z.X.four.	fru
M	You can't--  This is not the line for Z.X.four.  If you're going to fill out the Z.X.four, you need to have a different form of ID.	fru
F	What?  I'm getting an ID.  This is why I'm here.  My wallet was stolen.	fru
M	No. I need another set of ID to prove this is actually you.	fru
F	How am I supposed to get an ID without an ID?  How does a person get an ID in the first place?	fru
M	I don't know.  But I need an ID to pass this form along.  I can't just send it along without an ID.	fru
F	I'm here to get an ID.	fru
M	No.  I need another ID, a separate one.	fru
F	Like what?  Like a birth certificate?	fru
M	A birth certificate, a passport...a student ID; didn't you go to school?  Anything?	fru
F	Who the hell has a birth certificate?	xxx
F	Yes but my wallet was stolen, I don't have anything.  I don't have any credit cards, I don't have my ID.  Don't you have things on file here?	fru
M	Yeah.  We keep it on file, but we need an ID to access that file.	fru
F	That's out of control.	ang
M	I don't understand why this is so complicated for people when they get here.  It's just a simple form.  I just need an ID.	ang
F	How long have you been working here?	fru
M	Actually too long.	xxx
F	Clearly.  You know, do you have like a supervisor or something?	neu
M	Yeah.  Do you want to see my supervisor?  Huh? Yeah.  Do you want to see my supervisor?  Fine.  I'll be right back.	ang
F	That would - I would appreciate that.  Yeah.	fru

M	Thank you for calling Sprint.  We care about everybody.  How can I help you?	fru
F	Hi.  I've been on the phone for an hour trying to get a little discrepancy on my bill fixed.  I was charged for two hundred dollars worth of calls that I didn't make.	fru
M	Are you sure you didn't make them?	neu
F	I'm positive.  They came from like another state.	fru
M	Can I get your phone number, please?	fru
F	Uh. Yeah, I just gave it to the automated thing like five times.	fru
M	I'm going to need it again.  I need to look at your file.  If you want me to look at your file--	fru
F	Okay.  three two three six nine seven five zero six six.  Can we move on?	fru
M	Okay.	neu
F	Okay, cool.	xxx
M	Umm, Miss Aruckman	neu
F	Yes.	xxx
M	I am seeing the two hundred dollar charge.	neu
F	Yes, and I've been through all of the menus, pushed one and star and pound and all of that stuff and I'm just trying to get through to a person who can	fru
M	Well I'm looking at these.	fru
F	take off the charges that came from like Nebraska or wherever because, obviously, I didn't make those.	fru
F	So can you please refund the mischarged charges	fru
M	So you're saying that you didn't make these calls.	neu
F	I did not make the calls from B.F.E. Nebraska.	fru
M	Well I mean, I'm supposed to use discretion in the situation and, um--	fru
F	So could you discretion it back?	fru
M	All I can do for you right now is give you a hundred dollars.	neu
F	Okay, but that's like half	fru
M	What I can	neu
F	of the money that I was charged that I didn't make those calls.	fru
M	What I can do for you is give you a hundred dollars right now and fill out complaint form	neu
M	which you- which you'll have to go into a local Verizon dealer--  or Sprint.	neu
F	Okay, no, look, I- I- I- I'm really -- I'm trying to be patient.  I know this isn't your fault.  I know that you didn't do it	fru
F	but, at the same time, I have been through an hour of little robot voices telling me what I needed to do.	fru
M	Ma'am, I understand that.	fru
F	And I did everything they said.  And now i'm talking to you and you're supposed to put the money back on my account because I didn't make the calls and I'm really tired of dealing with this because I didn't even	xxx
M	Ma'am, I - I - I understand that. I understand that. What I can do for you right now is what I'm telling you is that I can do- I can give you a hundred dollars back and then you'll have to fill out a complaint form and then you'll get -- there'll be some investigation. Some men will show up at your house and go through your things.	fru
F	Excuse me?	fru
M	And then then you'll get some money back.	fru
F	How long does that take?	fru
M	A few weeks.  You won't even know that they were there.	neu
F	I have to wait a few weeks for people come go through my things to get the money back that I didn't spend?	fru
M	Okay.  You know what?  I just don't feel like doing this anymore.  Um, you can have all the money back, two hundred dollar, right now.	fru
F	Really?	sur
M	Yeah.  That's fine.  I just -- that's fine. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't make any difference to me.  I mean, it's not like it's going to cost my job or anything.	neu
F	You're just going to put it back on my account.	neu
M	I mean, technically, that's policy.  But, like, I mean, I don't really care about -- nobody really cares about policy here.	neu
F	So you're just going to take care of this for me?	sur
M	Sure.	neu
F	Oh, my God, thank you so much.	hap
M	You're welcome.	neu
F	I really appreciate this. I know it's not policy or whatever but, seriously	hap
M	No, no, no, it's cool.  It's cool.  It's cool.  So, um	neu
F	make my life a lot easier.	hap
M	You know, so- I mean, are you doing anything later?  Or um	neu
F	Really?	sur
M	Oh, I don't know.  I mean, I don't know.  I just thought, you know, maybe you want to get some co--I mean, I'm actually -- wait, where do you live?  Oh, you're in Los Angeles, I see.  Oh, no, that sucks 'cause I'm in, actually in Alabama.	neu
F	Right. Um, Thanks for asking, though. I mean, you sound nice, you know.	xxx
M	God, that's like a whole problem with like-- But, no, I mean, hey-- if you ever	neu
M	if you ever come out to Montgomery, I mean, you know, just -- just call up, you know, call up the operator and I'll-- I'll be here. So, um.	neu
F	I'll	neu
F	call up the Sprint call center and, uh, you know. cool	neu
F	Wow, alright. Well, thanks. And, uh, you- you have a good one.	xxx
M	Alright. Take Care.	neu
F	You too.	neu

M	Hi. Um-	neu
F	Hi, can I help you?	neu
M	It seems that uh- my-my bag didn't make it out on the carousel.	neu
F	Oh, did you check? Did you make sure as it went around the second time that it-	neu
M	Yes, yes, it's gone around like you know twenty times. It's been about a half hour.	neu
F	Okay. Well, um- the f.	neu
F	Actually I'm looking here at the information, the flight that you were on we had some trouble with some of the baggage, it looks like a few peoples' bags didn't make it through. Um, so-	neu
M	Okay. So what-what do I have to get you know	neu
F	Well, you can fill out this paperwork um- and if for some reason it shows up, we can bring it to you, but-	neu
M	For some reason, so you think it won't show up?	sur
F	Well, sometimes it's just late baggage or misplaced baggage and it comes out but it seems to be here and just I'm reading off of this that	neu
F	Uh- it didn't make it into the second plane so it looks like there - they don't actually know what happened to it.	neu
M	What? What? How does that happen?	xxx
F	Um, well, sometimes there is just difficulties with loading on to the plane. Uh- There can be a theft or uh- some sort of you know mishap with a cart or something.	neu
M	I really - I really need that bag.	fru
F	I- I- I understand, but um.	neu
M	there are- I have important things in that bag. I've got	xxx
F	Okay	neu
M	I mean -- I've been away for a while and- and now I've- I've gifts for- for you know friends and family I mean, I got stuff in the there	fru
F	Right.	neu
M	It's worth a lot.	xxx
F	I understand that. Um- So I'm going to put down here that you looking for your baggage, but we actually can't, uh this bag is likely not going to show up so what we're going to do-	neu
M	Not going to show - well isn't like - wouldn't it just be at the airport, that, like, if it didn't get on the other plane	fru
M	can they check there?	fru
F	Sometimes it gets stolen, sometimes it gets misplaced on another plane and	neu
M	on another-	xxx
F	they - they, it gets shipped to somewhere else and then it's stuck somewhere and then we have no way of tracking that.	neu
F	So we'll- what we'll do	neu
M	But we have the tags on. I mean like it wouldn't you know, if it got stuck somewhere it's like well this is nobodies bag I mean maybe you know look on the tag and	ang
M	see where it came from originally. I mean it seems like-	fru
F	Right. Like I said sometimes a theft and things happen like that but we are willing to reim-reimburse you.	neu
M	Theft?	xxx
F	Um, so.	neu
M	Theft? Don't you know like all these people that are work - you keep like an eye on them, how can they get away with-	ang
F	We have very tight security but we -uh- there are times when we just can't uh make sure there aren't absolutely no human error, you know	neu
F	I'm sorry there is no guarantee on baggage.	neu
M	This is unbelievable. I've got	fru
M	you don't realize the stuff that I've got in that - I really need to get the suitcase okay	ang
F	I understand, so-	neu
M	so if it's back there or something, if there is something you can do	fru
M	I need you to tell me because I really need to get the bag, okay?	fru
F	all right, We've already checked back here for your baggage	neu
F	and we will continue to look for it and because your paper-	neu
M	You've already checked? Can you check again? [garbage]	fru
F	I've already looked, thank you very much and because we've filled out paperwork if it shows up we will send it to you but otherwise what we can do is reimburse you for fifty dollar.	fru
M	Fifty- fifty dollars? Come on you have got to be joking.	xxx
F	Well, it's- it's just sort of help with the fact uh that you lost some of your possessions and we rather do that than-	neu
M	Uh huh, yea, lost some of my possessions, yes, so if I lost maybe a shoe that was in the suitcase and like a carry-on	fru
M	that might be like fifty dollars okay, but this - I- [garbage] I had like thousands of dollars worth of stuff in that suitcase.	fru
F	The airline can't afford to give you everything that is in that suitcase. and so-	neu
M	The a- what? Talking about a core they can't afford it? I mean-	ang
F	Well because lots of people get their baggage lost and we don't want to have false claims or anything like that so we have	neu
F	we can give you fifty dollar to sort of make up for it, to compensate, and we can definitely let you know if it shows up but likely, more than likely-	neu
M	I mean you're not helping me here. What do I have to do here? Do I need to sue the airline company is that what I should do	ang
M	because this is ridiculous?	fru
F	I'm sorry. I don't- I-	xxx
F	I don't believe you should sue the airline company but we do have a policy uh- in which we can reimburse you and that's all we can do and I'm sorry I've done everything I can-	fru
M	All right. I'm sick- I'm sick of this all right. I'm sick of you and keep your fifty dollar.	fru
F	There's other people waiting-	fru
F	Fine.	xxx

F	You seem kind of down.	neu
M	I'm just mad.	xxx
F	How come?	xxx
M	It's--I've been trying to find this job I can't get any job.	fru
M	It's not fair.	fru
F	What do you mean?	neu
M	I mean I've been looking for a job for like three years and I can't get a job.  I mean like, it's America, right?  I should be able to get a job.	fru
F	There's a lot of people looking for jobs.	neu
M	I guess.  But three years?  I mean, I like--I went to college even, I mean I didn't finish but I went for like a little bit.  It's not fair, I don't know.	fru
F	I don't know, I mean, I just don't think...	neu
M	I mean I've been sending out my resumes and doing everything I can do but nothing is happening.  You know, it's like I can't and I can't keep living on loans anymore like this.  I'm going to--I mean eventually I'm going to have to pay it back. I'm just kind of freaking out, I don't know.	fru
F	Did you ever think it might be your attitude that's...	neu
M	What's my--like what do you mean "my attitude"?	xxx
F	I don't know just sometimes you get kind of... No, I'm not saying that.  I just--	neu
M	Do I have an attitude problem?	xxx
M	No, well maybe it's because I'm like frustrated 'cause I can't get a job, you know.	fru
F	...has anyone ever just said anything like that to you before?	neu
M	Like it's really hard to like shake that off when you go into like audition a room or whatever, you know what I mean?	fru
F	Right, sure.	neu
F	But I mean you kind of got to, you got to fake it 'til you feel it, right?	neu
M	I guess I just getting really hard to fake, you know.	fru
F	I'm just saying that if I was looking to hire somebody in the--or kind of... No. No. No.	neu
M	Are you hiring? Wait, do you know of a job? Seriously, do you know, like do you know of anything though?  Like, oh please, do you know of anything?	fru
F	No.  I'm just saying though that if I was a person who was hiring somebody I-- --would not hire someone who was angry or upset.	neu
M	Yeah.	fru
M	I come across angry?	fru
F	No.	neu
M	What?	ang
F	Well, you know a little.  If you were to listen to--	neu
M	Okay.  You're my friend you can tell me stuff.  You can tell me honestly stuff, okay?  Please.	fru
F	I just don't want you to fly off the handle.	neu
M	Okay, I'm not flying off the handle I don't think I'm flying off the handle here at all.	fru
F	You kind of have a short fuse.	neu
M	I have a short fuse?	fru
F	Yeah.	neu
M	Okay. Okay no, no, no, no okay no, I need to hear this more. Come on, bring it.	ang
F	Like this, right now we're trying have a conversation.	neu
F	We're trying to have a conversation and you seem extremely hostile. You keep cutting me off.	neu
M	Well, it's 'cause I can't get a job, okay?	xxx
M	I'm not always right I'm just--	fru
F	I can't finish the sentence with you without you jumping in...	neu
F	...and you're always right.	neu
M	fine okay.	xxx
F	You have an excuse for everything.	neu
M	[BREATHING]	fru
F	I'm just saying that maybe you should take in some information before you produce more of your own.	neu
M	I'm like a sponge I'm like soaked up with all this information for like three years I'm just dying for a job to like put it in to.	ang
F	[BREATHING]	neu
F	That's -.	fru
M	You know, and like I don't think it's that much to ask. I know.	fru
F	Well, what kind of field are you looking to go into?	neu
M	That's it.	neu

F	Why did he invite her here?	ang
M	Well, maybe he wanted see her.	neu
F	It's been three and a half years.  Why all of a sudden?	ang
M	Well uh, He grew up next door to the girl, why wouldn't he want to see her?	neu
M	Don't look at me like that.  He didn't tell me anything he told you.	fru
F	He's not going to marry her.	xxx
M	How do you know he's even thinking about it?	fru
F	it's got that about it.	xxx
M	Oh so what?	fru
F	What is going on here, Joe?	ang
M	Okay, now listen, kids...	fru
F	The girl is not Larry's.  If the girl is Larry's girl she's not his she know she's not.	ang
M	Listen. Line. You can't read her mind.	fru
F	Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men probably a hundred people told her she is crazy but she is waited.	xxx
M	And how do you know why she's waited.	neu
F	Because she knows what I know that's why.  She's faithful as a rock. in my darkest moments I think of her waiting and I know that I'm right.	xxx
M	Okay, look it's a beautiful day.  Why are we arguing?	fru
F	Nobody in this house dares take away her faith Joe.  Her- strangers might but not her father, not her brother.	fru
M	What do you want me to do?  What do you want?	fru
F	I want you to---act like he is coming back.  Don't think I haven't noticed you, both of you since Chris invited her here.  I won't stand for any nonsense.	ang
M	Kate...	fru
F	Because if he's not coming back then I'll kill myself.	xxx
M	[BREATHING]	fru
F	Oh, laugh at me, laugh all you like but why does this happen to very night she comes back?  She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look at it, Joe look.	ang
M	All right, calm yourself.	fru
F	Believe with me Joe, you got to believe. Only last week a boy came back missing longer then Larry you read it yourself.	ang
M	Okay, calm yourself. Alright.	fru
M	calm yourself.	fru
F	You above all have got to believe. Just don't stop believing.	ang
M	What does that mean? Me above all? What does that mean?	ang
M	Look at you. You're shaking.	ang
F	I can't help it.	xxx
M	What the hell do you want from me, Kate?	ang

M	Hey, what time is it? They're supposed to run around midnight, right? God, this is great, isn't it?	exc
M	Look at the night we got; couldn't be better.	exc
M	You know actually, I wanted to go a little further up the coast to get away from all the, the people and the lights, and uh- but I thought we'd miss it. Hey, how you doing?	exc
F	Fine.	sad
M	Oh, is that-is that-now, is that just foam, uhh, I can't even tell.	exc
M	Oh, though if I can't tell it probably isn't them, right? It probably would be unmistakable, wouldn't you think? Hey, how you doing?	exc
M	Oh, do you know what I forgot? I forgot my flashlight. How could I be so stupid. Oh, I-I should have brought my flashlight.	exc
F	What flashlight?	xxx
M	Uh- you know, the flashlight. The silver one. There's only one, isn't there?	exc
F	That's not your flashlight; it's ours. It's mine too.	xxx
M	Oh, well, sure.	xxx
F	I don't understand why you're always saying oh, it's mine, it's mine. It's not like it's just your flashlight. I mean, how do you think that makes me feel?	ang
M	No, of course. Yours and mine. Our flashlight. Yours and mine. Mi flashlight is su flashlight. Naturally.	xxx
M	We should have brought our flashlight. I can't believe we forgot to bring it.	exc
M	I hope the moon stays out.	exc
M	Hey, do they always run during a full moon? I can't remember if it was full last year. Do you remember?	exc
F	Yes.	xxx
M	Are you cold? Do you want my jacket?	xxx
M	We should have brought the blanket. Oh, why didn't we bring the blanket? Our blanket.	exc
M	You know what would be good right now? A six-pack. Ah, I can't believe I forgot a six-pack. A six-pack would be just the ticket right about now.	exc
M	I'm so stupid. I'm like a little kid. I-it's amazing I get out of the house with my fly zipped. Oh- [LAUGHTER].	exc
M	I wonder if they can hear us talk. Or hear the vibrations in the sand when we move.	exc
F	I'm cold.	xxx
M	Do you want my jacket?	neu
F	It's past eleven, let's go home.	xxx
M	What? Are you kidding me? We just got here. We'd miss it. What's the point of coming down there if we just turn around and go home?	sur
F	There is no point in coming down here.	xxx
M	Right.	neu
F	That's my point.	xxx
M	Yeah, that's my point too.	neu
F	Well, so let's go.	xxx
M	No. No, no, no, that's not my point. My point is there's no point in coming down here if we just turn around and leave.	exc
M	I mean, don't you want to see it?	neu
F	Not particularly.	sad
M	Why not?	neu
F	I don't know. I just don't.	sad
M	Honey, this is a natural-this is a natural phenomenon. I mean, it only happens once a year. This is, this is a great opportunity. Think about the people in Kansas. They would have to get a plane ticket and hotel reservation to come and see this. We're only forty minutes away. This is too good to pass up.	xxx
F	Pass up what? A bunch of fish. They swim up to the beach and they flop around and they swim away and then they die.	ang
M	Yeah. But that moment on the beach is the highlight of their little lives. And all that flopping around is laying eggs or what you-spawning or mating or something like that.	xxx
M	I mean, this is the big night for these guys. Life's last orgy.	xxx
F	I don't know why you're getting so excited. I mean, it's not like the landing of the moon or something. It's just fish. Fish that nobody eats.	fru
M	Yeah, they do.	xxx
F	Oh, God, Augie.	fru
M	What, okay, then it's fish that do something no other fish do. Like the swallows in Capistrano or the lemmings who throw themselves off the cliffs.	xxx
M	There's magic here and mystery and a little bit of the unexplainable. I mean, I don't see how you cannot be interested.	xxx
F	I'm just not. I mean, I'm sorry, it just-they're still fish to me.	xxx
M	For real?	sur
F	Yes.	xxx
M	I don't get it. The last time-the first time that we came to see it you said it was the best night of your life.	xxx
M	And then last year when we came to see it you ran out of the house so fast that you stubbed your toe. And you didn't even notice until you got in the car.	xxx
F	Yes, and if you also remember, I got sand in my panties. We got into an argument about nothing. You got a sore throat and we never saw the grunions.	fru
M	We weren't in a good spot.	xxx
F	No, for God's sakes, we've never seen the grunions. We're not going to see them.	fru
M	We just weren't in a good spot, all right? This is a much better spot. I have a good instinct for these things. Look, is that-	fru
M	no, that's just seaweed, isn't it? This is great, isn't it?	xxx
M	I wouldn't miss this for anything. I mean, think about this. Okay, I know you're not interested, but just think about this for a minute.	exc
M	Somewhere out there there's this huge silver mass of fish heading this way. They don't know why. And we don't know why. Just some little instinctual time-release firecracker went off-went off in their bodies.	xxx
M	And they all, all as one, turned as one and formed this line as big as the California coast and started swimming this way. Swimming as if that's the only thing that matters.	exc
M	You know, they didn't ask it a question. They didn't, they didn't take a vote. They didn't have an invitation or a map; they just started swimming as one.	exc
M	its single-mindedness with one mind. Urgency that's pure urge. You know, they don't give it a name.	exc
M	They don't ask it a question. They just, they just, they don't know what drives them. They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them to here	exc
M	where we stand for a massive celebration of sex and death. Oh, God, I'm giving myself goosebumps. Look, I'm all-all my hairs on my arms is sticking up.	exc
F	Yeah, that's the wind.	xxx
M	So what do you think?	xxx
F	About what?	xxx
M	About what I just said.	neu
F	It's ridiculous.	xxx

F	Why did he invite her here?	ang
M	Why does that bother you?	fru
F	Well she's been away for three and a half years in New York and suddenly she just shows up.	ang
M	Well maybe, maybe he just wanted to see her.	neu
F	Nobody travels seven hundred miles just see.	xxx
M	uh-uh What do you mean?  They grew up next to each other their entire lives.  Why shouldn't he want to see her?	fru
M	Hey don't look at me like that.  I don't know anymore than you.	fru
F	He's not going to marry her.	xxx
M	Who said he even thought about that?	neu
F	I see it.  It has the appearance of it.	xxx
M	Well, so what?	neu
F	What's going on here Joe?	xxx
M	Now listen kid...	fru
F	No.  She's not his girl Joe and she knows that.	ang
M	You can't read her mind.	xxx
F	Then why is still single?  I mean there's plenty of single men in New York.  Why isn't she married by now?  Probably a hundred men has told her that she's foolish but, she's waiting.	xxx
M	How do you know why she's waited?  Hmmm?	neu
F	Because she knows what I know, that's why.	xxx
F	I mean, her faith is stronger than a rock.	ang
F	My worst times I think about her, you know, and I	sad
F	it's like I know as long as she's waiting I'm right again.	sad
M	Look at how nice the day is.  What are we arguing for?	fru
F	No.  Nobody in my house better dare and challenge her faith.  You know and maybe strangers but not his father, not his brother.	ang
M	What do you want me to do?  What do you want?	fru
F	I want-I want you to act like he's still alive.  I mean don't think I haven't seen the way that you've been since he invited her here.	xxx
M	But Kate...	fru
F	But I won't have any of this nonsense because you know what happens?  If he doesn't come back I'll kill myself.	xxx
F	Laugh, laugh at me but I will.  Because you know what happened when she came here?  When she came back she slept in his room, the memorial broke into pieces. Joe, look. Look at it. You got to believe with me.	ang
M	Okay. Calm yourself. Just calm yourself.	fru
F	I can't do it all alone.	xxx
M	Calm yourself, alright?	xxx
F	Look, it was just last week that Detroit, some boy came back he had been away longer than Larry, you can read it for yourself. You above all people have got to believe.	sad
M	Alright, alright, calm yourself okay?  Calm yourself. Wait, wait.  What do you mean, me above all?	ang
F	Look, just keep believing okay?	xxx
M	Wait, what does that mean?  Me above all?	ang
M	Look at you, you're shaking.	ang
F	I can't help it.	sad
M	What do I got to hide?  Huh?  What the hell's the matter with you Kate?	ang

F	God, finally I got to the line, the front of the line. I've been waiting there for like half an hour.	xxx
F	[BREATHING] It's so hot in here. Hoo.	xxx
M	Yeah.	xxx
M	Oh, um-	neu
F	What's wrong?	neu
M	You didn't fill this out right. All right. It says that you have to fill out the back sheet of this, but you filled out the yellow sheet of it.	neu
F	No, no, no, no, no, no. The lady over there, she told me to fill out the front and she said to wait in this line.	fru
M	Who?	neu
F	I don't know. Some lady. Sonya or something.	fru
M	She- she probably doesn't even work here.	neu
F	Excuse me? No, no. I waited in the line over there..	fru
M	All right  Uh-	neu
F	and she told me to come over here and she said to fill out everything on the application and I did that.	fru
M	It's not right.	fru
F	Look, I-- No, no, no, I--you don't understand. I have to go back to work.	fru
M	You just take--all right.	fru
M	Well, you didn't fill this paper at work out right and it's going to take another fifteen minutes to do it and look at how long the line we got here so just-	fru
F	I am not-	fru
M	okay, just go back and fill it out real quick and I'm sorry, you have to get back in line and wait. I can't let you cut.	fru
F	But you don't understand. I cannot get back in line because I have to go back to work. I will get fired if I don't leave here.	fru
M	Well, maybe you should have got here earlier than so you had a lot of time to do this.	xxx
F	But I was at work and the lady told me to come and work it and to stand in the line.	xxx
M	I don't know who this lady is.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER]	fru

M	Did you get the letter?	exc
F	Yes.  There's a big envelope it says, you're in. I know.	exc
M	Yeah. That is so awesome.	exc
M	Oh my God. What are you going to do? [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	So I have to move back to the ghetto but...I know.	xxx
M	Oh-Yeah, I bet you're really excited. Oh.  That's what loans are for?  Right? Exactly.	exc
F	I'm really excited.  Yeah. I don't know how I'm going to pay for anything, but... I also- Yeah.  Loans, too, yeah. I applied, though, for a bunch of grants and scholarships so I'm still waiting to hear on that.	exc
M	Oh.  Good, good.  That's awesome. Are you going to stay around here?  Or are you going to like get a different neighborhood- you going to move to a different neighborhood?	exc
F	Oh- I know, I know, I know, I know.	exc
F	I don't know.  I spend so much time commuting as it is, I'd rather.	exc
M	This is so- I am so happy that you're going to stay.  You're not going to...We should totally throw a party.	exc
F	I know. We should throw a party.	exc
F	At Arapaho we could afford that. [GARBAGE]. Yeah.  So what are you doing this summer, though?  You're staying around, too, yeah?	xxx
M	A rapper party ho. Yeah. Okay.	exc
M	I am just- Yeah.  I'm sticking around, I'm just doing my thing.  I'm living here.  I'm so glad you're going to stay, I'm so glad you're going to be here. Yeah. Woo.	exc
F	It's a relief too. I mean I was thinking I was going to have to pack up all of my stuff but yeah. Hooray for U.S.C.	xxx
M	Yeah.  Big time.	exc
M	Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Yay. So what major?  What are you doing?	exc
F	Umm. It's...It's uhh...It's Critical Studies. It's a really prestigious program, so they say.	xxx
M	Oh, okay.	xxx
M	Ooh. Fancy.	xxx
F	Yeah.  I'm not sure.	exc
M	Is this a Masters or a P.h.D.?  Or can you...? Nice	neu
F	Umm...P.h.D. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	That's good.  Don't you have to like teach a class, too, when you do that?	neu
F	Um, yeah, yeah.  I'm a TA for two sessions. Mmhmm.	xxx
M	Teacher. Mrs. Nash, I have a question.	exc
F	So I get to mold young minds. Mrs.?  That's my mother.	exc
M	You have to get married.  Well you are married to Chuck.  You're Mrs. Nash.  Not to be confused with Mrs. Dash which is the popular seasoning.	exc
F	I would be like- Oh. Right, right, right.	exc
M	Mrs. Nash.  That's so awesome, though.	xxx
F	Yeah. Yeah I'm excited. Hooray.  And then I'll be a millionaire once I graduate, you understand? Because that's the way it works.	xxx
M	Yay...School's fun.	exc
M	Of course, right.  That's where the real money is, being a student.	neu
F	Yeah.  Totally. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	That's how you get the big bucks.  Are you messing with the chair? Don't ruin it.	hap
F	I know. I made such a mess of it, the entire time.  The last three things I've done, I've ruined everything, I think. Mm-hmm.  Yeah.	exc

M	The craziest thing just happened to me.	exc
F	What?	xxx
M	This girl; she just offered me fifty thousand dollars to marry her.	exc
F	[BREATHING]	sur
M	Yeah.	xxx
F	Why?	exc
M	Well, she's not a citizen so she wants to get a visa.	neu
F	Is she on the run?	exc
M	No, no, no, no, no, no she just... she's not a citizen but she wants her visa, yeah. She's going to pay me fifty thousand dollars to marry her and stay married to her for two years.	exc
F	Oh, she just needs to marry you.	exc
F	That's incredible. That's awesome. Where's she from?  Maybe you can get a dual citizenship.	exc
M	That's like twenty five thousand dollar a year for doing nothing. Isn't that awesome?	exc
M	She's actually from England, I think.  Well she- she spoke English but she had an accent. I didn't even ask.	neu
F	That's so cool. Uh huh.	exc
F	[LAUGHTER] Why did she pick you? Where were you?	exc
M	Fifty thousand dollars. Fifty thousand dollars. I was just out... I just... she's - well, she's a friend of friend but like...	exc
F	You were at a party? And she's like hey. You seem unattached she's like.	exc
M	Yeah.  Can you believe that? Yeah, she's like hey, I'm like sure I'll do it, I don't care. Yeah. I'm like fifty thousand dollars, I'd totally do it for fifty thousand dollars. But the only thing is that's kind of like illegal. So like I could go to jail probably for a long if I get caught, but...	exc
F	That's unbelievable... Yeah.	exc
F	Well I've known people who have done this before. Yeah.  You just- it's really fun actually 'cause you have like a fake engagement party and all your friends come over and like...	exc
M	Have you?	xxx
M	It's like I'm really going to get married. We'll have like the whole thing.	exc
M	Oh, good. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	Yeah. Yeah. And then yeah, and then you know like you could like you could do like like sock her for a lot of money	exc
M	I know. What do you think I should-	exc
F	Like make her rent the apartment that you two have to live together in, you know. And you won't pay any rent or you pay like, a hundred bucks a month or something.	exc
M	Oh good idea.	exc
M	Yeah.  Make her like open the bank account and stuff too.	neu
F	Yeah.	exc
M	It's a good idea.	exc
F	Dude, you lucked out.	exc
M	I know.  Also I get to like plan the wedding now too. That will be fun.	exc
F	Yeah.  My colors are blush and beige what is it, do you know?	exc
M	Something blue, something new, something... no I don't know. [LAUGHTER] So yeah, wonder if she's going to pay me up front but do you think it's bad though, do you think they're going to like track the money or something?	exc
F	Oh I don't know. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	I don't know get it in cash.	neu
M	Just cash hardcore.	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
M	What should we do?  Where should we get married? We should have party.	exc
F	How exciting. You should have a wedding on the beach.	exc
M	Yeah, like a big like- A wedding on the beach, that would be nice.	exc
F	Yeah, at night.	exc
M	And then we can honeymoon.  I want to go tropical though like Bahamas- --or like Tahiti or something. I just want to like beach and like drink.	neu
F	Oh yeah, absolutely, absolutely.	neu
F	How exciting.  You should make her bring all your friends too.	exc
M	I'll make her pay for that.  I hear she's like totally wealthy. She's like royalty- --or something like and- --whatever like removed or something but yeah.	exc
F	[GARBAGE] She's got to be loaded.  fifty thousand dollars.  That's incredible.	exc
F	Incredible.	exc
M	I'm going to marry a blue blood. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	you're a lucky, lucky, lucky man.	exc
M	Will you help me plan?	exc
F	Oh, totally. Yeah.	exc
M	Good.	xxx

F	I have something to tell you.	exc
M	What?  You seem so excited.	neu
F	It's really exciting.  Don't you want to guess?	exc
M	Uh, you got a new car, a new house. Uh, a dog.	neu
F	Look.	exc
M	Are you serious?  You're getting married.	sur
F	Yes.  He finally proposed.  I'm getting married.	exc
M	Holy shit that's amazing.	exc
F	I know. I'm so-	exc
M	Congratulations.	exc
F	Thank you. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	I'm invited, right.	exc
F	You think. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	I'll have to, uh, I'll have to get myself a new tux.  My, uh, the old one is a little worn and dirty.  That's awesome.  Where are you guys going to have it?	xxx
F	Well actually we were just talking about today and I don't really want to do like the traditional church thing, you know.  So we are going to get married in the meadow.	exc
F	Do you remember up by Yosemite? Yeah.	xxx
M	Well, that's- that's- that's beautiful. That's a beautiful place to do it.	xxx
F	We're going to get married in the middle of a meadow. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	Everybody's going to come up. We're going to stay in all the pretty cabins up there and, um, everybody's going to have, you know, really flowery sort of naturey stuff.	hap
F	So pretty.	exc
M	That's great	xxx
M	I hope- they're not like	xxx
F	Very Midsummer Night's wedding.	hap
M	Right.  Nice.  That's great.  I hope while we're up there nobody gets attacked by any, like, bears or wolves or anything.	xxx
F	Thanks. Thanks a lot.  You're really helping the Excitement here. I hope no one dies.	exc
M	Well no, I am- I'm trying to be positive	xxx
M	I'm trying to be positive.  I'm trying to say I hope that doesn't happen.	xxx
F	Okey Well- well-, you know what?  I was hoping that you would help	exc
M	We're going to be in the middle of the wilderness. These kind of things happen	xxx
F	plan everything.  So then you can make sure that no one gets attacked by bears.	exc
M	Yeah.  I'll help plan.	exc
F	Yeah?	exc
M	Yeah.	xxx
F	Really?	exc
M	Sure.	xxx
F	Okay.  It's going to be in, like, six months.  So we don't have a really long time.	exc
M	I'm thinking greens, lots of greens. Greens and browns.  We're nature.	xxx
F	Okay.	xxx
F	No.  No browns.	xxx
M	Why not browns?	neu
F	It's a wedding.	xxx
M	It's a light brown, tanish.	neu
F	Blue for the sky.	xxx
F	Come on.	xxx
M	I just think browns are really what you want to go with.  I mean I think there's more contrast between brown and green than there is-	neu
F	who- Who's getting married though?	xxx
M	I know but you just asked me to-	neu
F	to help plan because I'm getting married. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	So we're going to go greens and browns.	xxx
F	No.	xxx
M	Come on.  Please will you do the greens and browns, just the browns for me?	fru
M	Just for me.  Come on.  I'm your best friend.	xxx
F	It's not your wedding. You can-	xxx
M	I'm your best friend	xxx
F	You know what? You know what?	xxx
M	Give me the browns.	xxx
F	You can't ruin my mood today.  If you want to wear a brown tux, you go ahead and wear a brown tux	xxx
M	Okay.  Fine.  So green and what?	neu
F	but bridesmaids aren't wearing brown and I'm not wearing brown.	xxx
M	Blue?	neu
F	Maybe	xxx
M	Okay, fine. Greens and blues.	neu
F	I like blue.	xxx
M	Greens and blues and maybe a little light yellow?	neu
F	That would work.	xxx
M	Yeah?	neu
F	Throw in a little- little, uh, trim in yellow.  Maybe some yellow flowers.	exc
M	Okay.  That sounds good. Um, and, uh, we're going to get like a five, uh, story cake, right?	neu
F	Yeah.  I hadn't actually thought about the cake yet, but	xxx
M	I mean, you know, you're going to have at least, like, two hundred and fifty people come.  So we're going to need, you know, just a huge buffet.	neu
F	Yes.	exc
M	Fried chicken, mashed potatoes.	neu
F	See this is why you have to help.	xxx
F	because you're going to take care of everything.  You're going to think of all the details that I forget.	exc
M	Well I can't be in charge of this.  I mean I got things I got to do.	neu
F	Well right but you can help.	xxx
M	Well this is really exciting.  I mean- I just- I couldn't be happier right now.	exc
M	I'm thrilled.  God.	exc
F	Ha ha ha.	exc
F	Ha ha.	exc
M	Just ecstatic.  I can't believe you're my best friend	exc
F	Just couldn't be any cooler.	exc
M	You're my best friend, we're growing up and now you're getting married. that's amazing	exc
F	I know.  I've been waiting forever.  I can't believe it's finally happening.	exc
M	Wow.  I just- I- I- I feel like I'm going to faint.	exc
M	I'm so- all the blood	exc
F	You don't look like you're going to faint.	exc
M	has just rushed to my head, and I, and I mean honestly.	exc
M	I'm getting a little weak in the knees.	exc
F	So- So when are you getting married Mr. Excited?	exc
M	You know that I've never-I- I have a long run of bad relationships but, you know, I mean, you got to work through it.  It's fine.	xxx
F	What about Kathy?  I mean you guys have been dating for a while.	xxx
M	Yeah, but	xxx
F	You haven't ruined it yet.	exc
M	Yeah.  I know but it's, you know, maybe we'll get married.  I don't know.  Should be pretty-	xxx
F	You really like	exc
M	I don't know.  Okay.  I mean gosh.  There's just- look there's a lot of pressure in getting married, okay.	neu
F	What?  She could be just as excited as I am right now.	xxx
F	You could make her that excited.  You really like her.  You guys have been together for a really long time now.	exc
M	Oh, I've made her that excited.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] That's more than I needed to know.	exc
M	What?  You've heard me talk about it before.	xxx
F	[laughter]	exc
M	I'm a monster in bed.	xxx

M	Oh, you're never going to believe it.	exc
F	What? What? You look really happy what's going on?	exc
M	Well, I finally did it	exc
F	Finally did what?	exc
M	I-I asked her to marry me.	xxx
F	You did? Oh, my Gosh, I'm so proud of you.	xxx
M	Yes, I know. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
F	Oh, my Gosh. Well, and did	exc
M	I'm so nervous you know, I'm-	xxx
F	Did she say yes?	exc
M	Yes, she said yes. [LAUGHTER] I know	exc
F	That's like the most definitive.	exc
M	I know Uhm- I can't believe it.  It's like-	xxx
F	Oh, my gosh, wait so when did you decide to do this, I mean,	xxx
F	I would have thought you would have told me that you were planning on doing this.	exc
M	Well, yes, I wanted it you know I guess sort of as a surprise for everyone so	xxx
F	Yea, I guess so. Oh, my Gosh. Was she surprised?	exc
M	Yes, yes. You know, she - she was like - I mean, she was happy, you know	exc
F	Yeah.	xxx
M	I - I think it was about time, I don't know, maybe. You know what, it's been it's been long enough now.	exc
F	So what did you do?	xxx
M	Oh, well, it was -- you know, we were at this- at this concert and yeah	hap
M	so I-I talked to some of the crew before hand and-	hap
F	Oh, You did not.	exc
M	I-I did.	hap
F	Oh, my Gosh. that's so cute	exc
M	So I got the band to do something, you know, like towards the end of the song I got to go up on stage and, uh	xxx
F	That's so romantic. Oh, my Gosh. She must have died. That's like one of those things you write into a magazine about like my boyfriend did this. Oh my God.	exc
M	I know, so	hap
M	I got to freak her out.	hap
M	No, yes -- so	exc
F	She must have flipped out.	exc
M	Yea, that way she was guaranteed that she could not say no.	hap
F	Right exactly because you can't say no in front of thousands of people. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	No, but it was good.	exc
F	Did you bring her up on stage too?	exc
M	Yes, yes. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	Oh, my Gosh, that's so cute.	exc
M	I know it was, I don't know I was really nervous but I'm really - I'm really glad.	exc
F	Are your parents excited or...?	exc
M	Oh yes, they - they you know they love her and so I mean...	hap
F	Yea, totally. So when is it going to happen?	xxx
M	Well, we're thinking uh - we're thinking winter time, you know, we're going to do it in the winter and then maybe, you know, maybe	xxx
M	I don't know either do a honeymoon like in the snow or fly down to like Australia, Southern Hemisphere, [GARBAGE] so we'll decide with that.	xxx
F	Ooh, that would be fun.	exc
F	Do you think you'll get a house or something, like you guys are looking to buy some place or	xxx
M	Yea, yea, I'm not too sure where yet I guess you know, I kind of got to figure some stuff out here first	exc
F	Yeah. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	but like you know it's just - I guess we're just excited right now that we'll get to continue it together.	xxx
F	Oh my Gosh. I cannot believe you're getting married, that is so cool.	exc
M	I know.	exc
F	Golly, it just makes me all like romantic inside, like I really want that to happen to me. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Oh, it will, obviously you know. But I know it's something - I don't know, you never really think about it happening, like before hand.	hap
F	Did you have a good ring? You better have had a good ring.	xxx
M	Sure. Oh, yes.	hap
F	Good. The ring makes all the difference.	xxx
M	You know I had my mom come along maybe help me out a little bit because she's got good taste. but	xxx
F	Oh, that's awesome.	xxx
M	Yes, well, Thanks, thanks. Thank you. yeah	exc
F	Yay, well congratulations, that's so cool. [BREATHING] I can't wait.	exc
M	Hah.	hap

F	What's he going to say?  Maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.	neu
M	He saw it.	neu
F	How could he see it?  I was the first one up.  He was still in bed.	xxx
M	He was out here when it broke.	neu
F	When?	sur
M	About four this morning.  I heard it cracking and I woke up and looked out.  He was standing right there when it cracked.	xxx
F	What was he doing out here at four in the morning?	xxx
M	I don't know.  After it cracked, he ran back in the house and cried in the kitchen.	xxx
F	Did you talk to him?	xxx
M	No.  I - I figured the best thing was to leave him alone.	xxx
F	He cried hard?	xxx
M	I heard him right through the floor of my room.	xxx
F	What was he doing out here at that hour?  He's dreaming about him again.  He's walking around at night.	xxx
M	I guess he is.	xxx
F	He's getting just like after he died.  What's the meaning in that?	sad
M	I don't know the meaning of it, mom.  But I know one thing; we made a terrible mistake with dad.	fru
F	What?	sur
M	Being dishonest with him.  That kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.	xxx
F	What do you mean, dishonest?	fru
M	You know that Larry's not coming back.  And I know it.  Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?	xxx
F	What do you want to do?  Argue with him?	fru
M	I don't want to argue with him but it's time he realized that nobody believes Larry's alive anymore.	fru
M	Why shouldn't he dream of him?  Walk the nights waiting for him.	xxx
M	Do we contradict him?  Do we say straight out that we have no hope anymore?  That we haven't had any hope for years, now.	xxx
F	You can't say that to him.	ang
M	We've gotta say it to him.	ang
F	How are you going to prove it?  Can you prove it?	ang
M	For God's sake, three years.  Nobody comes back after three years.  It's insane.	ang
F	To you it is and to me, but not to him.  You can talk yourself blue in the face, but there's no body and no grave, so where are you?	ang
M	Sit down, mom.  I want to talk to you.	xxx
F	The trouble is the Goddamn newspapers.  Every month some boy turns up from nowhere, so the next boy is going to be Larry.  So we have to keep--	xxx
M	Alright, alright, alright.  Listen.  You know why I asked Annie here don't you?	fru
F	Why?	neu
M	You know why.	fru
F	Well I've got an idea, but what's the story?	xxx
M	Going to ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well that's only your business, Chris.	neu
M	You know it's not only my business.	fru
F	What do you want me to do?  You're old enough to know your own mind.	ang
M	Then it's alright.  I'll go ahead with it?	xxx
F	Well you want to make sure your father isn't going to have --	neu
M	Well, then you know it's not only my business.	ang
F	I'm just saying.	fru
M	Sometimes you infuriate me, you know that?  Isn't it your business, too, if I tell this to father and he throws a fit about it?  You have such a talent for ignoring things.	ang
F	I ignore what I got to ignore.  The girl is Larry's girl.	ang
M	She's not Larry's girl.	fru
F	From father's point of view, he's not dead.  And you have no right to take his girl.	ang
F	Now you can go on from there if you know where to go. But I'm telling you I don't know where to go.  See, I don't know.	fru
F	Now what can I do for you?	fru
M	I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something I want, I have to pull back because other people will suffer.  My whole bloody life, time after time after time.	fru
F	You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong in that.	xxx
M	To hell with that.	fru
F	Did you ask Annie yet?	xxx
M	I wanted to get this settled first.	neu
F	How do you know she'll marry you?  Maybe she feels the same way father does.	neu
M	Well if she does, then that's the end of it.  From her letters, I think she's forgotten him.  We'll find out.  Then we'll thrash it out with dad. Right, mom?  Don't avoid me.	xxx
F	The trouble is, you don't see enough women.  You never did.	neu
M	So what?  I'm not fast with women.	xxx
F	I don't see why it has to be Annie.	ang
M	Because it is.	fru
F	Well that's a good answer, but it don't answer anything.  He thinks he's coming back, Chris.  You marry that girl, you're pronouncing him dead.  Now what happens to your father?  Do you know?  Because I don't.	xxx
M	Line?	fru
F	Alright, then, mom.	fru
M	Alright, then, mom.  Did we skip something?  No.  Alright, then, mom.	neu
F	Yes we did. Do you want to keep going?	neu
M	Yeah, let's keep going.	neu
F	Just give it some more thought.	neu
M	I've given it three years' of thought.  I'd hope that if	fru
M	father forgot about Larry, we'd have a regular wedding and everything happy.  If I can't get that here, then I'll have to get out.	sad
F	What the hell is this?	ang
M	I'll get out.  I'll get married and live someplace else.  Maybe New York.	xxx
F	Are you crazy?	ang
M	I've been a good son too long; a good sucker.  I'm through with it.	fru
F	You've got a business here.  What the hell is this?	ang
M	The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.	ang
F	Must you be inspired?	ang
M	Yes.  I like getting an hour a day.  If I have to grub for money all day long, at least at evening, I want it beautiful.	ang
M	I want a family.  I want some kids.  I want to build something I can give myself to.  Annie's in the middle of that.  Now where do I find it?	xxx
F	You mean -- tell me something.  You mean you'd really leave the business?	xxx
M	Yes, on this I would.	neu
F	You don't want to think like that.	ang
M	Then you help me stay here.	neu
F	Alright.  But just don't think like that because what the hell did we work for?  That's all for you, Chris.  The whole shooting match is just for you.	ang
M	I know that.  Just you help me stay here.	fru
F	But don't think that way, you hear me?	ang
M	I am thinking that way.	xxx
F	I don't understand you, do I?	xxx
M	No, you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.	fru
F	Yeah, I can see that.	xxx

M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	neu
F	You knew there was nothing in that.	exc
M	I knew nothing of the sort. You took presents from him.	ang
F	Presents, just a trivial little broach.	exc
M	Yes, I remember it well, bristling with diamonds in the worst possible taste.	xxx
F	No it wasn't. It was very pretty I still have it and I wear it often.	neu
M	You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	ang
F	No I didn't, you worked the whole thing up in your jealous imagination.	neu
M	You must admit he was in love with you, wasn't he?	xxx
F	Just a little perhaps, nothing serious.	xxx
M	You let him kiss you; you said you did.	ang
F	What of it?	neu
M	What of it?	xxx
F	It gave him a lot of pleasure, it didn't hurt me any.	neu
M	What about me?	ang
F	Well, if you hadn't been so nosey and suspicious you never wouldn't have known anything about it.	neu
M	That's a nice point of view I must say.	xxx
F	I'm bored of this conversation.	fru
M	Yes, me too, bored stiff. You want some Brandy?	xxx
F	No thanks.	neu
M	I have a little I think.	neu
F	I don't see why you want any you've already had two glasses.	xxx
M	No particular reason. Anyhow, they are very small ones.	neu
F	It just seems so silly to go on and on and on with such a thing.	neu
M	You can hardly call three liquor glasses in a whole evening going on and on and on.	neu
F	Well, it's become a habit with you.	neu
M	You needn't be so grand just because don't happen want any yourself right now.	xxx
F	Don't be so stupid.	xxx
M	Really, Amanda.	xxx
F	What?	ang
M	Nothing.	fru
F	No I'm just making myself fascinating for you.	neu
M	Going out somewhere, dear?	neu
F	It's a woman's job to allure the man	xxx
M	That reply has broken my heart.	xxx
F	watch me a minute, will you?	xxx
M	As a matter of fact, that's perfectly true.	neu
F	Oh, no it isn't.	fru
M	Yes it is.	xxx
F	Be quiet.	ang
M	It's a pity you didn't have any more Brandy it might have made you a little less disagreeable.	xxx
F	It doesn't seem to work such wonders with you.	xxx
M	Snap, snap, snap, like a little adder.	fru
F	Adders don't snap they sting.	xxx
M	Oh nonsense they have a little bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.	fru
F	They sting.	xxx
M	They snap.	fru
F	I don't care. Do you understand? I don't care. I don't care if they bark or roll about like hoops.	ang
M	Tell me, did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	neu
F	Yes, I did quite a lot.	neu
M	I imagine you let him kiss you good deal more then.	xxx
F	Mind your own business.	xxx
M	What riotous time you must have had.	ang
M	No restraint at all, very enjoyable, never had much anyhow.	ang
F	You're quite insufferable. I expect it's because you're drunk.	xxx
M	I am not in the least drunk.	xxx
M	I imagine, as I may have already mentioned, I've had three minute liquor glasses of Brandy the whole evening long a child of two couldn't get drunk on that.	xxx
F	On the contrary a child of two could get violently drunk on only one glass of Brandy.	xxx
M	Oh very interesting. How about a child of four, a child of six or a child of nine?	xxx
F	Oh be quiet.	ang
M	We can get a good little debate going about that, don't you think? Intemperate tots.	ang
F	Not very funny my dear, you better have some more Brandy.	xxx
M	All right. I will.	neu
M	Better turn that off I think.	neu
F	Why?	xxx
M	Because it's late and it'll annoy the people upstairs.	xxx
F	There aren't any people upstairs it's a photographer's studio.	xxx
M	There are people downstairs I suppose?	xxx
F	They're away in Tunis.	xxx
M	This is no time of the year for Tunis.	xxx
F	Turn it on again, please.	xxx
M	I'll do no such thing.	fru
F	Very well, if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.	fru
M	Turn it off it's driving me mad.	xxx
F	You are far too temperamental. Try to control yourself.	ang
M	Turn it off.	ang
F	Stop it. Stop it. I hate you.	ang
M	Amanda, listen. Listen.	ang
F	Listen indeed. I'm sick and tired of listening to you, damn sadistic bully.	ang
M	Very amusing indeed.	ang
F	Stop it. Stop it. I hate you, do you hear? You're overbearing and conceited and utterly impossible.	ang
M	You're a vile tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I hope I never see you again as long as I live.	ang
F	This is the end, do you hear? The end finally and forever.	ang
M	You're not going like this.	ang
F	Oh yes I am.	ang
M	You're not.	ang
F	Yes, I am. Let go of me you're cruel fiend and I hate and loathe you. Thank God I realized who you really are before I would ever, ever marry you again. I would never marry you again. I'd rather die in torment.	ang
M	Shut up.	ang
M	Shut up.	ang
M	I wouldn't marry you again if you came to me on your bended knees. You're a evil minded little vampire. I hope to God I never see you again as long as I live.	ang
F	You're a beast. I hate you. Stop it. Stop it.	ang

M	So, um, well, I just -- I kind of wanted to, you know, tell you that I'm actually -- I proposed to Kate and we're going to get married.	xxx
F	Wait, what?	xxx
M	Yeah. Yeah, I proposed to her yesterday. We're getting -- we're engaged now and we're going to -- we're going to get married in about eight months.	xxx
F	Oh, my God.  Congratulations.	xxx
M	Yeah, it's pretty amazing, huh?	exc
F	I can't -- how did you do it?  What happened?	exc
M	Well I decided to take her sailing	xxx
M	and we were just out on the water and, you know, I just -- I had the ring with me.  And I was like let's do this.  And she was like okay and then we're getting married.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] Well you paint a romantic picture.	exc
M	Well I didn't want it to be like cheesy, you know.	hap
F	Did she cry?	exc
M	She didn't cry, but she was laughing a lot and it was very exciting, so...	hap
F	Oh, my God.  How long have you been planning on doing this?	exc
M	Honestly, it was kind of quickly.  It was actually only in the past couple months.	hap
F	I can't believe this.  You're getting married. It's crazy!	exc
M	Yeah. Yeah. So- I know.  I know. I know.  It's weird 'cause it's like the beginning of the rest of my life, you know.	hap
F	Yeah, it is.	exc
M	But uh- no, I mean, you know.  You know, I really want you to like, you know, sort of	hap
M	help Kate out with like planning stuff. I mean, if you want to.  I mean, you guys are good friends anyway so I figured, you know, if you guys want to like -- I mean, you know, I'm sure you enjoy that kind of thing.	xxx
F	Yeah, I would love to. Thanks. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Okay. Well there you go.	exc
F	Oh, my God, where -- have you guys talked about where you're going to get married or--	exc
M	I think we're going to -- we're going to -- we want to do it in Hawaii and just fly everybody in.	xxx
F	Oh, my God.	exc
M	I just -- 'cause, I mean, Hawaii just has like the best fruit buffets.  And so I'm just going to say forget, you know, all like kind of meats and all that stuff.	xxx
M	It's just going to be like a all fruit--fruit buffet wedding, plus a cake.	xxx
F	Are you going to get married like on the beach barefoot or like fancier?  Like in a church.	exc
M	Barefoot?	exc
F	Well I don't know.  Throwing it out there.	exc
M	Um, no, no, no.  It'll be in like a park near the beach.	xxx
F	Okay.	xxx
M	Yeah.  But I'm really excited.  So and everybody's going to come out and it'll be a great time.  And--	exc
F	Are you going to have a big wedding or like keep it really small like just, you know, family and really close friends?  Or, I mean--	xxx
M	It'll be kind of small, but not, you know, not tiny, you know.  I want to have, you know, as many people as we can afford to fly out to Hawaii and put up there for--	xxx
F	It's so exciting.  What's the ring look like?	exc
M	It's big and shiny.  I don't know.  It's silver and--	exc
F	Big and shiny.  You're such a guy. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	Yeah, I don't know. [LAUGHTER] But, yeah, so anyway -- well I wanted to tell you that, you know, 'cause you're one of my good friends and you're Kate's- one of her best friends and-	hap
F	I'm so excited for you. That's great. I'm so-	exc
M	Yeah, yeah. She was actually -- she was going to tell you but I told her that I wanted to tell you and she had to work today anyway, so I decided to-	hap
F	Well I'm glad you told me.	xxx
M	Yeah, yeah.	hap
F	It's fantastic.  I -- congratulations. It's amazing.	exc
M	Thank you.  I'm really -- I'm really excited.  And it's -- I don't know, it's like a little -- it's like a little scary, 'cause I'm like, ah, you know, it's the first time I've ever done anything like this.	exc
M	But, you know, it's like I really love her and I really just -- I can't imagine spending my life with anybody else but her.  So, you know, it's like I know that's the right thing.  And if you have to, you know, if you have to question that, you know, don't- don't do it.  So we're going to do it.	hap
M	And it's going to -- the -- you know, I told her that I just -- I want the color brown to be as an integral in the wedding.  And, um, maybe some greens and blues.	hap
F	And how did she feel about that?	xxx
M	She's okay with it.	hap
F	Well that's good.  It'll be a great wedding.  You're willing to compromise on things.	xxx
M	Exactly, exactly, exactly.  So--	xxx
F	She's going to let you have say in the wedding choices?  That's pretty impressive. Very forward-thinking woman. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	Well, I mean I just told her--Well I just said, you know, hey, these are my suggestions.	hap
F	And brown.	xxx
M	All fruit and the color brown. Just that. That's all- that's my only request.	hap
F	This is why men don't plan weddings. [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	Yeah.  Well maybe--maybe you're right. Maybe there's something to that.	hap
F	All fruit and brown. [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	So, um, anyway, do you want to order now?   So, um I mean--	neu

F	Why did he invite her?	ang
M	Why does that bother you?	neu
F	It's been three years.  Why all of a sudden?	ang
M	Well maybe- maybe he just wanted to see her again.	neu
F	Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.	fru
M	What do you mean?  He was brought up next door to the girl his whole life.  Why shouldn't he want to see her again?	xxx
M	Don't look at me like that.  He didn't tell me anymore than he told you.	xxx
F	She's not going to marry him.	xxx
M	How do you know he's even thinking about it?	neu
F	It's got that about it.	xxx
M	Well so what.	xxx
F	What's going on here, Joe?	ang
M	Listen kid.	fru
F	No, line.	ang
M	Uh, Then why is she still-she's not his girl, Joe	neu
F	She's not his girl, Joe.  She knows she's not.	ang
M	You can't read her mind.	neu
F	Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men.  Why hasn't she married?	ang
F	Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish but she's waited.	ang
M	How do you know why she waited?	fru
F	Because she knows what I know that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.	ang
F	In my worst moments, I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.	fru
M	Look it's a nice day.  What are we arguing for?	fru
F	Nobody in this house dares take her faith away, Joe.  Strangers might but not his father, not his brother.	fru
M	What do you want me to do?	fru
F	I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you.  Don't think I haven't noticed you since he invited her.  I won't stand for any nonsense.	xxx
M	But Kate-	fru
F	Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.	fru
F	Laugh, laugh at me, but why did that happen the very night she came back?	xxx
F	She goes to sleep in his room and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look, look at it.  Joe-	ang
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Believe with me, Joe.  I can't stand alone.	fru
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Just last week a man showed up in Detroit missing longer than Larry.  You read it yourself.	fru
M	Alright.  Alright.  Calm yourself.	fru
F	You above all have got to believe.  You.	fru
M	Why me above all?	fru
F	Just don't stop believing.	fru
M	What does that mean, me above all?  Look at you.  You're shaking.	ang
F	I can't help it.	fru
M	What have I got to hide?  What the hell is matter with you Kate?	fru

F	What's going on man?  What's wrong?	xxx
M	I'm just so tired all the time.	sad
F	Well have you been trying to get a job, look for a job or...?	neu
M	I've been looking for like eight months.	fru
F	I know.  It- It's really tough out there.  It's really hard to find a job.	fru
M	I'm tired of the same excuses.  No, no you're not qualified enough, wish you had more education.	fru
F	Well what are you looking for?  I mean--	neu
M	Last time someone told me I was too qualified.	xxx
F	Well, okay. Well that's--	neu
M	Cause I went to Harvard.	ang
F	Well, that's what?  For what job?  Who...what jobs are you looking for?	sur
M	I applied as restaurant manager at P.F. Chang.  I applied at----Macy's store manager. Tried to get investment banking job with Deloitte and Touche.  I'm trying everywhere.	fru
F	Yeah.  Well it seems to me, you know, you just got to keep going out there, you know, pushing through.  You got a Harvard degree.  I mean, you can get a job anywhere.	xxx
M	You know what?  I've been working at temp jobs for the past six months.  You know how degrading it is?	fru
F	Yeah.	sad
M	To be a receptionist?  Oh I spent forty thousand dollar a year for my college degree and I'm a receptionist.  God.	xxx
F	Yeah.	sad
M	I'm smarter than half the people I work for.	ang
F	Well, what do you...what would ideally like to do, you know?	xxx
M	I don't know astronaut?  I don't know something crazy like that.	fru
F	Well what'd you major in?	exc
M	Biomedical Engineering.	fru
F	You-You can't be working as a restaurant manager, I mean, come on.	xxx
M	I don't want to do engineering though.  It's so...I had the internship what, last summer,	fru
M	and I was pulling my hair out and it was like, oh my God.  So I just had to finish the major so now they're like, why are you an engineering major, and why are you working, trying to work at a restaurant.  And it's like I don't know just give me the damn job.	fru
F	Look I'm sorry-	xxx
M	Why all these questions?	fru
F	You know if you need any help finding a place I can, I can talk to my work you know I work at that law firm downtown and I can ask if they're looking for anybody.	xxx
M	Oh yeah?  What kind of jobs they got?	neu
F	I am...just like a law clerk.	neu
M	I don't want to be a law clerk.	dis
F	Well, I'm moving up.  I mean it could be...	neu
M	To be a lawyer?  You go to law school now?  God this is, all these dead ends.	fru
M	And plus my car is breaking down-	fru
M	-they're evicting me from my apartment.	fru
F	Well it doesn't make any sense though.  Like, with a Harvard degree you should be able to--	xxx
M	Yeah.  I know.  You'd think I would be able to be C.E.O. of a company right?	xxx
F	Just, you got to hang in there.  Can you ask your parents for help or anybody?	xxx
M	No.  I'm not going to...yeah, they'd laugh in my face.	fru
F	Just for a little bit, you know?  Cause I-I guarantee you're going to find something.  When you find something it's just going to be huge and you're going to get money.	xxx
M	No. I got a sixteen hundred on my S.A.T..	fru
F	Something-- How are you going...?	xxx
M	I'm freaking----typing sixty words a minute.	fru
F	How many words a minute?	xxx
M	Sixty words.  Sixty words a minute.  Hey how are you doing Mr. Smith?  Oh, you know, it's just like God, I just want to shoot you Mr. Smith.	fru
F	Sixty words a minute.  That's a min...a word per min uh second.	xxx
M	Yeah.  It's alright.  But--	neu
F	You could be an amazing receptionist.	xxx
M	I'm not cut to be a receptionist.	fru
M	No.	sad
M	Oh yeah.  I will be a full time receptionist.  Harvard degree, sixteen hundred on my S.A.T.--	fru
F	Well... If you need something, I mean, you're just going to---can get a temporary thing right now and then look for something--	neu
M	--you know? Head of the Science Club.	fru
M	That's what I've been doing, temporary things	fru
F	Oh I know.  But--	fru
F	-it's going to get better I promise you. You just got to hang in there. Everyone, I mean, you know?	neu
M	Maybe I'll just kill myself.	sad
F	What?  You can't...what?  Now come on.  Stop it.  Don't be talking like that.	sur
M	I was just joking...	sad
M	I don't know.	xxx
F	My, what I would do was just, you know, what about can you call Harvard and see...don't they have connections?  Don't they have like career center and you can find some stuff that's going on?	xxx
M	Yeah.  I--they said Brian you're too smart.  You don't need us.	fru
M	Go out and take over the world by yourself and I'm like what?	fru
F	Well obviously it's not working.  Just cause you got sixteen hundred on your S.A.T. doesn't guarantee you a job.  I mean it should really but--	fru
M	I don't know.  I don't know.  I know I'm just going to have to keep on looking, keep on searching-	fru
M	and I'm never going to find anything probably but I'll just keep working hard at it-- Yeah. Okay.  Positive, I'm going to do good, find that job.	fru
F	You got to be positive man.  You got to try to just--	neu
F	But you got to be real about it.  You have to...	neu
M	Yeah.  I got eighteen hundred on my S.A.T..	fru
F	Sixteen hundred.	neu
M	Same difference.	neu
M	Twenty-one hundred on my S.A.T..	xxx
F	Twenty-one hundred?	neu
M	But I'm doomed.  Yeah I got so good I was over twenty one hundred.  Now what am I doing?	fru
M	Like, wow you're really smart we're going to give you an extra [GARBAGE].	hap

F	Oh my God.  Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what?	exc
M	What?	xxx
F	Well, guess.  Guess, guess, guess, guess.	exc
M	Um, you--	neu
F	Don't look at my left hand.	xxx
M	No.  Let me see.	sur
M	Oh, no way.	xxx
F	He proposed.  He proposed.  Well, and I said yes, of course. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	That is great.  You look radiant.  I should've guess.	hap
F	I'm so excited.	exc
M	Well, Tell me about him.  What happened.	exc
F	Remember how we had that date?  And I was like, oh yeah, this is a date, whatever.	xxx
F	So after we sort of went out dinner and I was already like tired.  I wasn't all that excited and and so he's like let's go down to the beach and I was like no I don't want to the beach, like I'm tired. And he's like no, no we have to go.  And I was like okay, like that's a little weird.	xxx
F	So, he--so we walked down to the pier and there's like these lights--like these little, like lights-- and we're like what's that? And he's like I don't know let's go find out.	xxx
F	So we walked down there and there's-[LAUGHTER]-And there's- this huge like ten foot heart in candles on the beach--	xxx
M	What?	sur
F	like all they have And I was like, what's going on?  And he like takes my hand and pulls me into the middle and he's like--you know, get's on his knee and everything--And says will you marry me? And I flipped out.	exc
M	That--that is the most romantic thing I have ever heard.	sur
F	I know.  I was like, how did he get--like he must have called someone or had them set--like, I have no idea.	xxx
M	Wow.  Yeah, 'cause yeah I don't know I'm sure if he--oh yeah he definitely had--would have had to have someone else--	xxx
F	'Cause- 'Cause he was with me. You didn't do it did you?	exc
M	Yeah.  I mean candles wouldn't stay--No, I didn't--I didn't know anything about it.	hap
F	You didn't know anything?	exc
M	No. I'm just as happy as you are.  This is--	hap
F	I was just--it was so like I thought this might happen eventually, but like not yet, you know what I mean?  Like--	exc
M	So, I mean--it's good though.	hap
F	It is good.  It's totally good.  I mean, it like oh, you know.	exc
M	Yeah, I know.  Wow.  I'm shaking.  I can't even--	exc
F	I know. So we're gonna take it--Like we're not gonna get married right away--'Cause we want to like have plenty of time to plan everything out	hap
F	...and, um, my parents want to like be part of it and help out and everything--So we want to give it lots of time to like--	hap
M	Oh. Do they--do they know yet? Have you told them? Oh, that's--	neu
F	Yeah, yeah, I called them. I called them And, of course, they were so excited 'cause they love him. Like they always have.  Um--	hap
M	That's great.  Yeah.	neu
F	So, yeah, I mean, it'll be good.  We wanna like, uh, I think we're gonna have it in spring time, like early Spring--So it's no too hot yet.  And um--	hap
M	Okay. You know--you know where?  Or--	neu
F	I don't know.  I mean, I kinda like the idea of having something outside, but--Like--is a- Yeah,	hap
M	Uh, huh. I mean, you know, it's spring--It'll be--	neu
F	But It's sort of hard 'cause the weather is so unpredictable and then if it's like cold that day.  Or if it's too hot, you know, it's like--but um--	xxx
M	Spring's nice though.	neu
F	Yeah, I don't know-[LAUGHTER]-I mean--I can't even--the whole idea of like living--spending my whole life with somebody--that's crazy	exc
M	Yeah, that is--how long you guys been together now?	neu
F	Two and a half years. [LAUGHTER]	xxx
M	Okay.  All right.  So-[LAUGHTER]-quite a while.  I mean--That's-  That's good.  I'm so happy for you. [LAUGHTER]	hap
F	Thank you. Thank you so much.	hap
M	Yeah, I'd love to be in that same situation some day, but, wow- so-	hap
F	Oh, you will--You'll find just the right girl.  And she'll be perfect for you and everything will be great.	exc
M	You guys are awesome together.  It's definitely a--definitely a good couple.  I can see it. I should've guessed--	xxx
F	You approve?  You approve?	xxx
M	Oh, I approve. I-[LAUGHTER]-I more than approve.	hap
M	I mean, I'm surprised he didn't, ya know--go get a plane to fly over and shine--But candles on the beach, that's okay too I guess--	hap
F	Yeah, it's pretty good.	hap
M	Well--can--I mean, let me know--I want- I want invitations and--	exc
F	Of course, of course--you'll be able to be a part of it.  You can come help me pick my colors.	hap
M	Oh, yes.  This is the whole [GARBAGE]	exc
F	It's so girly.  I don't even know how to like--It's so weird, but it'll be fun.  My mom will love to be like--she'll get so into it, I'm sure.	exc
F	She'll be like--flowers and the--	hap
M	It'll be good.  Wow, that's great.	hap
F	Oh, thank you. [LAUGHTER]	hap

M	Good God.	xxx
F	Do you think it's them?	xxx
M	I wonder.	xxx
F	And nobody knows we're here except for Freda and she wouldn't ring up.	xxx
M	Well it must be them then.	xxx
F	What are you going to do?	xxx
M	We're fine right?  Aren't we?  Whatever happens darling.	xxx
F	Now and always sweet.	exc
M	I don't care then.	exc
F	I mean, it was, it's bound to come out sooner or later.	exc
M	Hello?  Hello?  What?	xxx
F	That sent shivers up my spine.	exc
M	No, wrong number.	exc
M	What are we to do if they suddenly walk in on us?	xxx
F	Behave exquisitely.	exc
M	With the most perfect poise?	xxx
F	Certainly.  And I shall probably do a court courtesy.	xxx
M	um- Things that should matter dreadfully don't seem to matter at all when one's happy do they?	xxx
F	What is so horrible is that one cannot stay happy.	xxx
M	Oh, darling.  Don't say that.	xxx
F	It's true.  I mean, the whole business it's a very poor joke.	xxx
M	You mean that, that sacred and beautiful thing love?	xxx
F	Yes.  I mean just that.	xxx
M	What does that all mean?  That's what I asked myself on my quest for ultimate truth.  What does it all mean?	xxx
F	Don't laugh at me.  I'm serious.	xxx
M	[LAUGHTER] Oh, darling.  You mustn't be serious, that's just what they want.	xxx
F	Who's they?	xxx
M	All the futile moralists who try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them.  Be flippant.	xxx
M	Laugh at all their sacred shibboleths.  Flippancy brings the acid in their damn sweetness and light.	xxx
F	So if I'm to laugh at everything then I must laugh at us too.	xxx
M	Oh, certainly, you must.  We're figures of fun alright.	xxx
F	How long will it last?  This ludicrous overbearing love of ours?	xxx
M	Who knows?	xxx
F	Shall we always want to bicker and fight?	xxx
M	No.  That fire will fade along with our passion.	xxx
F	Well, dear, shall we want that?	xxx
M	Well, it depends on how well we've played.	xxx
F	What happens if one of us dies?  I mean, does the other one still laugh?	xxx
M	Of course, yes, yes, with all his might.	xxx
F	That's serious enough.	sad
M	No.  No it isn't.  That's very laughable, a cunning little mystery all done with mirrors.	xxx
F	Darling I believe you're talking nonsense.	xxx
M	Oh, and who isn't talking nonsense?	xxx
M	Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers hmmm?  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and party as much as we can like quite idiotic school children.	xxx
M	Let's savor the delight of the moment.  Come kiss me darling before worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.	xxx
F	Elliot, worms don't pop.	xxx
M	I don't care what you do, you see?  As long, no I don't care what you do, see?	xxx
M	You can put green paint all over your body and dance naked in the Place Vendome and rush off madly with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word as long as you love me best.	xxx
F	Thank you dear.  The same applies to you...	xxx
F	...only if you ever so much as look at another woman I'll kill you.	xxx
M	Remember that awful scene we had in Venice?	xxx
F	Which particular one?	xxx
M	The one when you bought a little painted wooden snake in the Piazza and put it in my bed.	xxx
F	Charles, that was his name, Charles.  Oh, God he was so wiggled so beautifully.	xxx
M	Horrible little thing.	xxx
F	Yeah.  I know you did.  You threw it out the window and into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.	xxx
M	I hated it.	xxx
M	How long did that rile last?	xxx
F	It went on intermittently for days.	xxx
M	Oh, the worst one was in Cannes when you-	xxx
F	I burnt a hole in my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.	xxx
M	you're curling iron burnt a hole in my dressing gown.	xxx
M	That was a rouser wasn't it?	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] Yeah.  That was the first time you ever hit me.	xxx
M	I didn't hit you very hard.	neu
F	The manager came in and saw us rolling on the floor, scratching and biting like panthers.	xxx
M	I will never forget his face. Ooh-rah [LAUGHTER].	xxx
F	How ridiculous.  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.	xxx
M	We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	And much sillier too.	xxx
M	The real cause of that rile was Peter Burden.	xxx

M	Good God.	xxx
F	Do you think it's them?	fea
M	I wonder.	neu
F	Well, nobody know we're here except Freda and she wouldn't ring up.	fea
M	Must be them, then.	xxx
F	What're we gonna do?	fea
M	We're all right, darling, aren't we?  Whatever happens.	xxx
F	Now and always, sweet.	xxx
M	I don't care then.	neu
F	It was bound to come sooner or later.	xxx
M	Hello?  Hello?  What?  Wrong number.	neu
F	Ah, it send shivers up my spine.	exc
M	What do we do if they suddenly walk in on us?	xxx
F	Behave exquisitely.	hap
M	With the most perfect poise?	neu
F	Oh, of course.  I shall probably do a court curtsy.	hap
M	Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy.  Do they?	neu
F	What's so horrible is that one can't stay happy.	hap
M	Oh, darling, don't say that.	neu
F	It's true.  The whole business is a very poor joke.	hap
M	Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing, love?	neu
F	Yes, meaning just that.	hap
M	Oh, what does it all mean?  That's what I ask myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God, what does it all mean?	xxx
F	Don't laugh at me.  I'm serious.	xxx
M	You mustn't be serious, my dear one.  That's just what they want.	neu
F	Who's they?	neu
M	All those futile moralists that try to make life unbearable.  Laugh at them.  Be flippant.  Laugh at everything.  All their sacred shibboleths.	neu
M	Flippancy brings out the acid in their damn sweetness and light.	neu
F	If I laugh at everything, then I must laugh at us too.	neu
M	Certainly, you must.  We're figures of fun, alright.	neu
F	Well how long will it last us, this ludicrous overbearing love of ours.	neu
M	Who knows.	neu
F	Well, shall we always want to bicker and fight?	neu
M	No, that desire will fade.  Along with our passion.	neu
F	Oh, dear, shall we like that?	neu
M	Depends on how well we've played.	neu
F	Well, what happens if one of us dies?  I mean, does the one that's left still laugh?	neu
M	Yes.  Yes. With all his might.	exc
F	That's serious enough, isn't it?	xxx
M	No. No, it isn't.  Death is very laughable.  Such a cunning little mystery.  All done with mirrors.	exc
F	Darling, I believe you're talking nonsense.	hap
M	So is everyone else in the long run.	neu
M	Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.  Let's blow our trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as much as we can.  Like quite idiotic, very small school children.  Let's savor the delight of the moment.	exc
M	Come and kiss me, darling, before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.	exc
F	Elliott, worms don't pop.	hap
M	I don't care what you do.  See, you could paint yourself green and dance naked in the Place Vendome and rush off madly with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word.  As long as you love me best.	neu
F	Oh, thank you, dear.  The same applies to you except that if I catch so much as looking at another woman, I'll kill you.	hap
M	You remember that awful scene we had in Venice?	neu
F	Which particular one?	hap
M	The one when you bought that little painted wooden snake in the Piazza and put it on my bed.	neu
F	Charles.  That was his name.  Charles.  He did wriggle so beautifully.	hap
M	Ah, horrible thing.  I hated it.	xxx
F	Yes, I know you did.  You threw it out of the window into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.	hap
M	How long did that row last?	neu
F	It went in intermittently for days.	hap
M	The worst one was in Cannes when your curling iron burnt a hole in my new dressing gown.	neu
F	It burned my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.	hap
M	That was a rouser, wasn't it?	xxx
F	That was the first time you ever hit me.	neu
M	I didn't hit you very hard.	neu
F	The manager came in and found us rolling around on the floor, biting and scratching like panthers.	hap
M	Oh, I'll never forget his face.	exc
F	It was ridiculous.  Completely ridiculous.	exc
M	We were very much younger then.	neu
F	And very much sillier.	xxx
M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	neu

F	You okay?	neu
M	Yeah, I'm just-- yeah	sad
M	Just kind of feel numb, you know.	sad
F	What's happened?	neu
M	You didn't even hear?	sad
M	[BREATHING] Umm.	sad
M	God I've told this story so many times. Umm.	sad
F	You don't have to if you don't want to.	neu
M	I just...I just basically lost someone that was really close to me.	sad
M	And I've kind of been dealing with all of the...the stuff, you know the hospital and people work because...	sad
F	I'm sorry to hear that.	sad
M	He kind of didn't have anyone to take care of that for him, so--	sad
F	You've been taking care of it all?	sad
F	Oh Jesus.	sad
M	It's just really...really messed up.	sad
F	He sick for awhile?	sad
M	No.	sad
M	Just like it.	sad
F	Was it an accident?	neu
M	No, I mean it just came on really quick, you know I mean it was a [GARBAGE] it was a sickness but it just --	sad
F	how was sick?	neu
M	What?	sad
F	Well, I'm confused.  He was sick or it was an accident?	neu
M	He was sick. He got sick. He got sick but it happened really, really fast, you know.	sad
F	Oh. Really fast? Oh.	neu
M	It was kind of like boom... done	sad
F	Yeah.	neu
M	It's just really weird because he was really young you know and it kind of like...	sad
F	Yeah.	neu
M	--it just kind of freaks you out.	sad
F	Totally, yeah.	neu
M	So weird you know that like one days it's like you know sounds so stupid but like one day someone's here. And like next day you know they're not here and it just kind of makes you like think about like life and mortality and like that kind of stuff.  You just like used to take for granted--you know.	sad
F	Mmhmm.	neu
F	Lock	neu
F	Mmhmm.	neu
F	The plans you make [GARBAGE].	neu
M	Exactly, you know, and like he had so many plans and he was going to do...	sad
F	It leaves a hole for you too.	neu
M	so many things, you know?	sad
F	It leaves a hole for you too, in your plans together.	neu
M	What?	sad
M	Yeah.	sad
F	It gets better.	neu
M	He was a really, really good guy.	sad
F	Mmhmm.	neu
M	A lot of people loved him.	sad
F	MMhmm.	neu
M	You know, it's like affecting a lot of people it's not just me, you know?	sad
F	Mmhmm.	neu
F	How long did you know each other?	neu
M	Umm...	sad
M	For like eight years.	sad
F	That's a long time.	neu
M	Yeah.	sad
F	It's good that you were there.	neu
M	Yeah, I'm glad I was there. Glad I- glad I got to be there.	sad
M	So weird,	sad
F	Yeah.	neu
M	like I can't...it's like you know it's like "pinch me" it's like I can't believe like I'm dealing with this, you know.	sad
F	Are there things you wish you'd done differently?	neu

F	You're the only one I know who loves his parents.	xxx
M	I know.  It went out of style, didn't it?	xxx
F	It's okay.  It's a good thing.  You know, it's lovely here and the air is sweet.	xxx
M	So you're not sorry you came?	xxx
F	No, not sorry, but I'm not going to stay.	xxx
M	Why?	xxx
F	In the first place, your mother as much as told me to go.	xxx
F	You saw that and then you've been kind of--	xxx
M	What?	xxx
F	Well, kind of embarrassed ever since I got here.	xxx
M	The trouble is I planned on sneaking up on you over a period of a week or so.  But they take it for granted that we're all set.	xxx
F	I knew they would, your mother, anyway.	xxx
M	How did you know?	xxx
F	From her point of view, why else would I come?	xxx
M	Well wouldn't you want to?	xxx
M	I guess you know this is why I asked you to come.	xxx
F	I guess this is why I came.	xxx
M	Ann, I love you.  I love you a great deal.  I love you.	xxx
M	I have no imagination.  That's all I know to tell you.  I'm embarrassing you.	xxx
M	I didn't want to tell it to you here.  I wanted someplace we'd never been; someplace where we'd be brand new to each other.	xxx
M	You think this is wrong, don't you; this yard, this chair?  I want you to be ready for me.  I don't want to win you away from anything.	xxx
F	Chris, I've been ready a long, long time.	xxx
M	Then he's gone forever?  You're sure?	xxx
F	I almost got married two years ago.	xxx
M	Why didn't you?	xxx
F	You started to write me.	xxx
M	You felt something that far back?	xxx
F	Every day since.	hap
M	Anne, why didn't you let me know?	xxx
F	I was waiting for you, Chris.  'Til then, you never wrote and when you did, what did you say?  You sure can be ambiguous, you know.	hap
M	Anne, give me a kiss.  Give me a -	xxx
M	I kissed you.  I kissed Annie.  How long, how long I've waited to kiss you.	xxx
F	I'll never forgive you.  Why did you wait all these years?  All I've done is sit around and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.	hap
M	Anne, we're going to live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.	xxx
F	Not like that you're not.	xxx
M	I kissed you.	xxx
F	Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.  What is it, Chris?	xxx
M	Let's drive somewhere.  I want to be alone with you.	xxx
F	No, what is it, Chris?  Your mother?	xxx
M	No, no, nothing like that.	xxx
F	Then what's wrong.  Even in your letters, there was something ashamed.	xxx
M	Yes, I suppose there has been.  But it's going from me.	sad
F	You've got to tell me.	xxx
M	I don't know where to start.	sad
F	It wouldn't work this way.	xxx
M	It's all mixed up with so many other things.  You remember overseas, I was in command of a company?	sad
F	Yeah, sure.	xxx
M	Well I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	sad
M	Just about all.	sad
F	Oh, gees.	sad
M	It takes a little time to toss that off because they weren't just men.	sad
M	For instance, one time it'd been raining several days.  And this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks; put them in my pocket.  That's only a little thing, but that's the kind of guys I had.	sad
M	They didn't die.  They killed themselves for each other.  I mean that exactly.  A little more selfish and they'd have been here today.	xxx
M	And I got this idea watching them go down, everything was being destroyed, see?  But, to me, it seemed there was one new thing that was made,	sad
M	a kind of responsibility.  Man for man.  You understand me?  And then I went home and it was incredible.	sad
M	There was no meaning in it here.  The whole thing to them was some sort of bus accident.  Then I went to work for dad and that whole rat race again.  I felt, what you said, ashamed somehow	sad
M	because nobody was changed.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive;	sad
M	to open that bank book; to drive the new car; to see the new refrigerator.  I mean, you can take these things out of a war, but when you drive the new car, you have to know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.	sad
M	You have to be a little better because of that.  Otherwise, we have is really loot and there's blood on it.  I don't want to take any of it.  I guess that included you.	sad
F	And do you still feel that way?	xxx
M	I want you now, Annie.	xxx
F	Because you mustn't feel that way anymore, Chris.  Because you have a right to everything you have, everything, Chris; to me, too.	xxx
F	And your money, there's nothing wrong in your money.  Your father put hundreds of planes in the air.  You should be proud.  A man should be paid for that.	xxx
M	Annie, Annie, I'm going to make you a fortune.	hap
F	What'll I do with a fortune?	hap

M	Yes.  The real cause of that rile was Peter Burden.	neu
F	Oh, come on, you knew there was nothing in that.	neu
M	I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.	xxx
F	Presents?  A trivial little broach.	ang
M	Mmm Hmm.  I remember it well.  Bristling with diamonds in the worst possible taste.	xxx
F	Not at all.  It was very pretty.  I still have it and I wear it often.	xxx
M	You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	ang
F	No I didn't.  You made up the whole thing in your jealous imagination.	neu
M	You must admit he was in love with you.	ang
F	Just a little perhaps but nothing serious.	neu
M	You let him kiss you. You said so.  What of it?	ang
F	Well what of it?	xxx
F	Well it didn't harm him, in fact, it pleasured him a lot and it didn't hurt me.	neu
M	And what about me?	ang
F	Well, if you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey you would've never known anything.	xxx
M	Oh, that's a nice point of view I must say.	ang
F	Look, I'm bored with this conversation.	xxx
M	Yeah, so am I.  Bored stiff.	ang
M	You want some brandy?	neu
F	No thanks.	xxx
M	I'll have a little I think.	neu
F	I don't know why you want it.  You've already had two glasses.	ang
M	No particular reason.  Anyhow they were very small ones.	ang
F	I don't see what you have to go on and on with this kind of thing.	ang
M	Oh my...just because I just...okay...	ang
M	...having three small minute liquor glasses in the evening is hardly going on and on and on.	xxx
F	It's become a habit with you.	neu
M	You needn't be so grand just because you don't happen to want any yourself at the moment.	ang
F	Don't be so stupid.	xxx
M	Really Amanda.	fru
F	What?	ang
M	Nothing.	fru
F	[BREATHING]	xxx
M	Going out somewhere dear?	fru
F	No, just making myself beautiful for you.	neu
M	That reply has broken my heart.	xxx
F	That's the woman's job to lure the man.  Watch me a moment won't you?	neu
M	Actually that's perfectly true.	neu
F	No it isn't.	xxx
M	Yes it is.	neu
F	Oh, be quiet.	xxx
F	I think you should have some more brandy...	xxx
M	I think that	neu
F	...cause really	xxx
F	it doesn't seem to be working on you.	xxx
M	perhaps maybe you should've had more brandy, it might've made you a little less disagreeable.	xxx
F	Well it really hasn't worked wonders with you.	xxx
M	Hmm, snap, snap, snap like a little adder.	xxx
F	Adders don't snap, they sting.	ang
M	Yes they do.  They have a bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap.	xxx
F	They sting.	ang
M	They snap.	fru
F	I don't care.  I don't care.  Do you understand?  I don't care if they roll around and bark like hoops.	xxx
M	Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	xxx
F	Yes, I did.  Quite a lot.	xxx
M	I suppose you let him kiss you a great deal more then?	xxx
F	Mind your business.	ang
M	Mmm, you must've had a riotous time.  No restraint at all, very enjoyable.  You never had much anyhow.	xxx
F	You're quite insufferable.  I expect it's because you're drunk.	ang
M	I'm not in the least bit drunk.	ang
F	You've always had a weak head.	ang
M	Okay, like I mentioned before I had three very small, minute liquor glasses of brandy.  That's not even enough to get a child of two drunk.	ang
F	On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk off just one glass of brandy.	ang
M	Oh, what an interesting topic.  What about a child of four and a child of six?  A child of nine?	ang
F	Shut up.	ang
M	We might be able to bring up a splendid little debate about this intemperate tots.	ang
F	Not very funny dear.  In fact, maybe you better have some more brandy.	ang
M	Oh, thanks.  I think I will.	ang
M	You better turn that off.	ang
F	Why?	xxx
M	Because people upstairs will get annoyed.	xxx
F	There aren't any people upstairs.  This is a photographer's studio.	xxx
M	Well there are people downstairs I suppose.	xxx
F	They are away in Tunis.	neu
M	Oh, this is no time to be in here for Tunis.	xxx
F	Turn it on again, please.	fru
M	No I'll do no such thing.	ang
F	Very well.  If you insist on being a boorish and idiotic.	ang
M	Come on, turn it off.  It's driving me mad.	ang
F	You are far too temperamental.  Try to control yourself.	ang
M	Turn it--Turn it off.	ang
F	Go away.  Go away.  I hate you.	ang
M	Very amusing indeed.	ang
F	I hate you.  Listen I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.	ang
M	You know what?  You're a vile, little, evil-minded, little, wicked beast and I never want to see you again.	ang
F	This is the end.  Understand?  This is the end, here and now, forever and always.	ang
M	You're not going nowhere. No you're not.	ang
F	Oh, yes I am. Yes I am and you can't stop me.	ang
M	Just shut up.	ang
M	shut up. shut up.  I would-I would never marry you again if you came crawling back to me on your hands and knees because you're an evil-minded little vampire and I hope to God I never see you again.	ang
F	Listen, you're a cruel fiend and I hate, loathe you.  Thank God finally, finally thank God I've realized just how horrible you are--and marry you?  Marry you?  Never. I will never marry you.  I will die die in torment-	ang
F	Beast. Brute. Cad. Swine. Beast. Beast. Brute. Devil. Sorry.	ang
M	Oh.	ang

F	What's he going to say, maybe we ought to tell him before he sees it.	xxx
M	He saw it.	xxx
F	How could he see it? I was the first one up he was still in bed.	xxx
M	He was out here when it broke.	xxx
F	When?	xxx
M	About four this morning. I heard it cracking and I woke up and looked out. He was standing right here when it cracked.	xxx
F	What was he doing out here at four in the morning?	xxx
M	I don't know. When it cracked he ran into the house and cried in the kitchen.	sad
F	So you talked to him?	xxx
M	No. I figured it was best to leave him alone.	sad
F	He cried hard?	xxx
M	I could hear him right through the floor in my room.	sad
F	What was he doing out here at that hour? He's dreaming about him again, he's walking around at night.	xxx
M	I guess he is.	xxx
F	He's getting just like after he died. What is the meaning of that?	xxx
M	I don't know the meaning of it, but I know one thing mom, we've made a terrible mistake with dad.	xxx
F	What?	xxx
M	Being dishonest with him. I mean that sort of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.	xxx
F	What do you mean dishonest?	xxx
M	You know that Larry is not coming back and I know it. Why do we allow him to go on thinking that we believe with him?	fru
F	What do you want to do, argue with him?	fru
M	No I don't want to argue with him, but it's about time he realized that nobody believes Larry is alive anymore.	fru
M	Why -- why shouldn't he dream of him? Walk around, waiting for him at night I mean do we contradict him, do we say straight out that we don't have any hope anymore that we haven't had hope for years now?	fru
F	You can't say that to him.	fru
M	We've got to say it to him.	ang
F	Can you prove it, how can you prove it?	fru
M	For God sakes it's been three years, nobody comes back after three years, that's insane.	ang
F	To you it is and to me. You can talk yourself blue in the face but there is no body and no grave so where are you?	fru
M	Sit down mom; I want to talk to you.	xxx
F	The trouble is the god damned newspapers, every month or so a boy turns up out of nowhere, so the next one is going to be Larry.	xxx
M	All right. All right. Listen to me.	fru
M	You know why I brought Annie here don't you?	neu
M	You know.	neu
F	I got an idea but what's the story?	neu
M	I'm going to ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well that's only your business, Chris.	xxx
M	No it's not only my business.	fru
F	What do you want me to do; you're old enough to know your own mind.	fru
M	So it's all right then I'll go ahead with it?	fru
F	Well, you want to make sure that your father isn't-	neu
M	See it isn't just my business-	ang
F	I'm just saying	fru
M	Sometimes you infuriate me you know that. Isn't it your business to if I tell dad and he throws a fit about it? You have such a talent for ignoring things.	xxx
F	I ignore what I got to ignore. The girl is Larry's girl.	xxx
M	She's not Larry's girl.	fru
F	From father's point of you he isn't dead and you have no right to take his girl.	neu
F	You can go on from there if you know where to go but I don't know where to go, see I don't know. So what can I do for you?	fru
M	I don't know why but every time I reach out for something that I really want, I have to pull back 'cause someone else will suffer. My whole bloody life, time after time after time.	ang
F	You're a considerate fellow.  There's nothing wrong with that.	neu
M	To hell with that.	ang
F	Have you asked Annie yet?	fru
M	I wanted to get this settled first.	neu
F	How do you know she'll marry you? Maybe she feels the same way your father does.	neu
M	Well, if she does then that's the end of it. From her letters I think she's forgotten him.	neu
M	I don't know, I'll find out. Then we'll trash it out with dad, right? Mom, don't avoid me.	sad
F	Trouble is you don't see enough women, you never did.	ang
M	So what I'm not fast with women.	fru
F	I just don't see why it has to be Annie.	ang
M	Because it is.	fru
F	That's a good answer but it doesn't answer anything. I mean you haven't seen her since you went away to war it's five years.	fru
M	I can't help it I know her best. I mean lived next door to her my whole life. These years when I think of a wife, I think of Annie.	fru
M	What do you want, a diagram?	xxx
F	I don't want a diagram. He thinks he's coming back. Chris, you marry this girl you're pronouncing him dead.	fru
F	Do you know what's going to happen to your father because I don't, see?	fru
M	All right. All right. Mom.	xxx
F	Just give it some more thought.	xxx
M	I've given it three years of thought. I thought that if I waited, dad would forget about Larry and we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.	xxx
M	If I can't do that here well, then I'll have to get out.	sad
F	What the hell is this?	ang
M	I'll get out. I'll get married and go live some place else, maybe New York.	sad
F	What the hell is this, are you crazy?	ang
M	I've been a good son too long a good sucker, I'm through with it.	ang
F	What about the business? What is this?	ang
M	The business?  The business doesn't inspire me.	ang
F	Must you be inspired?	ang
M	Yes, I like it and hour a day. If I'm going to grub for money all day long, at least in the evening I want it beautiful.	ang
M	I want a family; I want kids; I want something I can give myself to. Annie is in the middle of that. Now where do I find it?	xxx
F	Tell me, you'd leave the business?	ang
M	Yes, on this I would.	sad
F	Well, you don't want to think like that.	ang
M	Then help me stay here.	fru
F	All right. But you don't want to be thinking like that 'cause otherwise what did we work for, I mean the whole thing is for you, Chris, the whole shooting match is for you.	xxx
M	I know I know mom. All right. Just help me stay here.	fru
F	Just don't go thinking that way.	fru
M	Well, I am thinking that way.	fru
F	I don't understand you, do I?	fru
M	No, you don't. I'm a pretty tough guy.	xxx
F	Yea, I can see that.	sad

M	Have you tried, uh, Craig's List?	neu
F	Uh, what?  Craig's List?  Oh the internet thing?	neu
M	Yeah.	neu
F	I don't know.  Isn't that-- that's all like escort services and things like that.	neu
M	No.  There's regular jobs on there.	neu
F	I don't know.  I mean I've been looking for so long that I just figured that--  I mean, I think things like Monster are a lot more reliable than just some random free board.	fru
M	Uh huh.	neu
M	I'm just saying I have a friend that got a good job on it so I was just recommending it.	neu
F	What kind of a job?	xxx
M	He's like a manager for a theatre.	neu
F	Really?	xxx
M	He's like a house manager. Yeah.  It's a good job.	neu
F	He just...	neu
F	you know what?  I heard about that job.  I applied for that.	neu
M	You did?	neu
F	Yeah.  I saw a posting at the theatre.	fru
M	Yeah.	neu
F	He got it?	xxx
M	You've been looking for a job for a long time; that was a long time ago.  Right?	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
M	Hmm.	neu
F	What did he do?  What was so great?  I don't understand why they would pick him over me.	xxx
M	I don't know.  He had a really good resume I guess and--	neu
F	A resume?	xxx
M	Yeah.  Do you have a resume?	neu
F	No.	xxx
M	It's kind of helpful when getting a job.	neu
F	I just- I mean I call people up and I tell them what I'm good at.	neu
M	Well maybe we should sit down some time and you can just tell me all the stuff that you have done and I'll write it out.	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
F	I don't like- I don't like sending things in the mail.  I don't want my information out there.	xxx
M	No.  You can- or you can just bring it in person.  But they need, generally, something to see, you know, what kind of what that you've done, what kind of--	neu
F	I'm there in front of them.  I'm telling them what I'm good at.	fru
M	Yeah.  But the piece of paper helps, too.	neu
F	Why?  It's a piece of paper.	fru
M	No.  But it has an outline, you know.	neu
F	I just don't want this paper trail, you know.  I just don't want things following me around, like-.	fru
M	I know.  Okay.  Well, um. Maybe--	neu
F	It's just-- You know, I've had this problem before.  You're not the first person to tell me that I need a resume but...	fru
M	Yeah.	neu
M	Okay, yeah.  I would imagine.	neu
F	..I just-..I just think it's kind of prejudiced and they are really discriminating against people who just aren't that way.	xxx
M	Well, sometimes you have to do things that you don't necessarily like to do to have a job. But the job affords you money, you won't have to be taking the bus right now.	neu
F	That's baloney, that's baloney.	fru
F	Please.	fru
M	maybe get a car.	neu
M	I just, you know, think you should try a little harder maybe.	neu
F	you think that you're better than me because I don't have a car?	fru
M	I didn't say that.	neu
F	You know, you're riding the bus, too.	fru
M	I am riding the bus, but by choice.	neu
F	Why?  What choice?	fru
M	To save the environment, carpool.	neu
F	You're saving the environment. mmhmm	fru
M	Yes.  One less car at a time.	neu
F	Interesting.  That's fantastic.	fru
M	Mmhmm.	neu
M	You know, you don't have to take out your frustration on me, you know, just because...	fru
F	I'm not frustrated.	ang
M	...you can't get a job and refuse to have a resume.	fru
F	Who do you think you are?	ang
M	I don't think I'm anyone.	neu
F	You are so high and mighty.  I just--	ang
M	I- I-I didn't-- okay.	neu
F	Oh.  I'm saving the environment. I'm riding this car because I- I want to.	ang
M	What?  No.	xxx
M	What? Oh.  So now you're...	fru
F	The bus, I'm riding the bus because I want to.	ang
M	you know what?  You don't have to take your anger and your hurt out on me.	fru
F	I can not-- you are not here by choice.  Nobody would ride this bus by choice.	ang
M	Why not?	xxx

M	Good God.	fea
F	Is it them?	fea
M	I wonder.	fea
F	Freda is the only one who knows we are here.  She wouldn't ring up.	fea
M	It must be them then.	fea
F	It had to happen sooner or later.  What are we going to do?	fea
M	[BREATHING]	fea
M	We are okay, aren't we darling?	xxx
F	Now and always, sweet.	xxx
M	I don't care then.	exc
F	It had to happen sooner or later.	xxx
M	Hello?  Hello?  I'm sorry, what's that?	xxx
M	No.  Wrong number. [LAUGHTER]	hap
F	[LAUGHTER] That sent shivers up my spine.	hap
M	What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us.[LAUGHTER]	hap
F	We'll behave exquisitely.	exc
M	With perfect poise.	hap
F	I think I shall do a curtsy.	exc
M	It's strange; things that ought to matter dreadfully, they just don't matter at all when one's happy.  Do they?	hap
F	Hmm.  The pity is that one can't stay happy.	xxx
M	Darling, don't say that.	xxx
F	It's true.  I think the whole thing's a cruel joke.	xxx
M	What?  This beautiful and sacred thing - love?	xxx
F	Yes.  Meaning just that.	hap
M	Well what does it all mean?  That's what I ask myself in my quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God, what does it all mean?	hap
F	Don't laugh at me.  I'm being serious.	hap
M	Oh darling, you mustn't be serious.  It's just what they want.	xxx
F	Who's they?	exc
M	All of those futile moralists who make life unbearable.  You have to laugh at them, be flippant.	xxx
M	You know, flippancy brings out the acid in their darned, light and sweetness.	xxx
F	you know if I laugh at everything then I must laugh at us, too.	xxx
M	Oh of course.  We are figures of fun.  All right.	xxx
F	How long with it last, this ludicrous overbearing love of ours?	xxx
M	Who knows?	hap
F	Shall we always want to bicker and fight?	xxx
M	Oh no.  That fire will fade along with our passion.	xxx
F	Oh dear, should we like that?	xxx
M	Well it depends on how well we've played.	xxx
F	What happens if one of us dies?  Does the other one still laugh?	xxx
M	Yes.  Yes with all of his might.	exc
F	Well that's serious enough, isn't it?	xxx
M	No, no, no, no. no.  Death is a very laughable thing.  It's a cunning little mystery, it's all done with mirrors.	xxx
F	I think you are talking nonsense.	xxx
M	Oh.  So is everyone, in the long run.	xxx
M	Let's be superficial, and just pity those poor philosophers, huh?  Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party for as long as we can, you know, like small, idiotic school children.	exc
F	[LAUGHTER]	hap
M	Oh Come and kiss me darling before your body rots and worms pop out of your eye sockets.	hap
F	Oh Elliott, worms don't pop.	hap
M	Oh See, I don't care what you do, see.  You can paint yourself green and run naked through the Place Vendome and run off with all of the men of the world.  I shan't say a word, just as long as you love me best.	hap
F	Aw.  Thank you, darling.  The same applies to you too, except that if you so much as look at another woman I'll kill you.	hap
M	Do you remember that awful scene we had in Venice?	xxx
F	Which particular one?	xxx
M	The one where you put that tiny painted wooden snake in my bed.	xxx
F	Oh Charles, that was his name.  He did wiggle so beautifully.	exc
M	[GARBAGE]	xxx
M	It was a terrible thing.  I hated it.	dis
F	I know you did.  You threw him out the window into the Grand Canal.  I'll never forgive you for that.	xxx
M	How long did that row last?	xxx
F	It went on intermittently for days.	xxx
M	Uh huh.	xxx
M	But the worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt a hole in my new dressing gown.	xxx
F	Oh And it burnt my comb, too, and all of those towels in the bathroom.	xxx
M	That was a rouser, wasn't it?	hap
F	[LAUGHTER] That was the first time you hit me.	xxx
M	I did not hit you very hard.	xxx
F	The manager came in, he found us rolling about the floor, biting and scratching like panthers. [LAUGHTER]  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.	hap
M	[LAUGHTER] I'll never forget his face. [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	[LAUGHTER] We were very much younger then.	hap
F	[LAUGHTER] And very much sillier.	hap
M	However I believe the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	xxx
F	Oh.  You knew there was nothing in that.	xxx

M	Hey, Joy come in here.	neu
F	What's happening?	neu
M	I have to go back.	sad
M	I just got a letter I have to go back.	sad
F	When?	xxx
M	First thing tomorrow morning.	sad
F	Are you kidding me?	sur
F	How...	fru
M	I don't understand, I don't underst--	xxx
F	How can they do that?	fru
M	They can do it.	xxx
F	They said you're home for at least four years.	fru
M	I guess they can do it,	fru
M	The National Guard is I guess really spread thin and then everyone has to go.  We all have to go back, my whole companies going back.	sad
F	[BREATHING]	fru
F	That's not fair.	fru
M	I can't believe it. I just got back.	xxx
M	So yeah, we leave tomorrow...	sad
F	[BREATHING]	fru
M	...we're all shipping out.	sad
M	I just got I feel like I'm in shock actually.	sad
F	I don't even know what to tell you.	sad
M	I don't know.	sad
F	What about the birthday party?	sad
M	I guess you're just going to have to have it without me.	sad
M	Hey listen, it's going to be okay though, all right?	sad
M	You're going to be fine.	sad
F	Me?  I'm not worried about me.	xxx
M	I'm going to be fine too, okay?	sad
F	How do you know?	xxx
M	I know I have a good... I have a really good group of guys with me.	sad
M	We're going to be okay.	sad
F	You're going with the same ones?	sad
M	Do promise me you're going to take a lot of pictures.	sad
F	Always, I always do.	xxx
M	I know.	sad
F	It's not the same though.	sad
M	I just wish there was something I could do.	sad
F	We could hide away.	xxx
M	Run away?	sad
F	Mm hmm.  We'll build a bunker and never come out.	sad
M	I really don't want to go, I don't want to go...	sad
F	[LAUGHTER] Mmm.	xxx
M	I'm scared.	xxx
F	Don't say that.	sad
F	I'll send you a letter every single day.	xxx
M	I love you.	sad
F	I love you too.	xxx

M	Good God.	xxx
F	Do you think it's them?	xxx
M	I wonder.	fea
F	Nobody knows we're here except Freda and she wouldn't ring up.	xxx
M	It must be them then.	fea
F	Well what are we going to do?	xxx
M	We'll be alright, darling.  Whatever happens, aren't we?	xxx
F	Now and always sweet.	xxx
M	I don't care then.	xxx
F	It was bound to come sooner or later.	xxx
M	Hello.  Hello.  What?  Wrong number.	xxx
F	Ahh.  It sent shivers up my spine.	exc
M	What shall we do if they suddenly walk in on us?	exc
F	Behave exquisitely.	exc
M	With the most perfect poise.	exc
F	Certainly I shall probably do a court curtsy.	exc
M	Things that ought to matter dreadfully don't matter at all when one's happy, do they?	exc
F	What is so horrible is that one can't stay happy.	xxx
M	Don't say that, my darling.	neu
F	It's true the whole business is very poor joke.	exc
M	Meaning that sacred and beautiful thing love.	xxx
F	Yes, meaning just that.	xxx
M	What does it all mean?  That's what I asked myself in my ceaseless quest for ultimate truth.  Dear God what does it all mean?	xxx
F	Don't laugh at me.  I'm serious.	exc
M	You mustn't be serious, my darling.  It's just what they want.	xxx
F	Who's they?	neu
M	All the futile moralists who try to make life unbearable.	xxx
M	Laugh at them, be flippant, laugh at everything, all their sacred shibboleths	xxx
M	flippancy brings out the acid in their damn sweetness and light.	xxx
F	If I must laugh at everything, I must laugh at us too.	xxx
M	Certainly you must.  We are figures of fun alright.	xxx
F	Oh, how long will it last, this ludicrous, over-bearing love of ours?	exc
M	Well who knows?	neu
F	We always want to bicker and fight.	xxx
M	No that fire will fade long with our passion.	xxx
F	Oh, dear shall we like that?	xxx
M	It all depends on how well we've played.	xxx
F	What happens if one of us dies?  Does the one that's left still laugh?	neu
M	Yes.  Yes.  with all his might.	xxx
F	Well that's serious enough, isn't it?	xxx
M	No, no it isn't.  Death is very laughable such a cunning little mystery.  All done with mirrors.	xxx
F	Darling, I believe you're talking nonsense.	xxx
M	So is everyone else in the long run.  Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.	xxx
M	Let's blow trumpets and squeakers and enjoy the party as much as we can like small quite idiotic little school children.	xxx
M	Let's savor the delight of the moment.  Come and kiss me darling before your body rots and worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.	xxx
F	Elliott, worms don't pop.	xxx
M	I don't mind what you do, see. you can paint yourself green all over	xxx
M	and dance naked in the place Place Vendome and rush away with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word as long as you love me best.	xxx
F	Thank you, dear.  The same applies to you except that if I catch you so much as looking at another woman, I'll kill you.	exc
M	Do you remember that awful scene in Venice?	neu
F	Which particular one?	exc
M	The one where you bought that little painted wooden snake and put it on my bed.	neu
F	Oh, Charles.  That was his name.  Charles he did wriggle so beautifully.	exc
M	Horrible thing.  I hated it.	neu
F	Yes, I know you did.  You threw him out of the window into the Grand Canal.  I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.	exc
M	How long did that row last?	neu
F	It went on intermittently for days.	xxx
M	The worst one was in Cannes when your curling irons burnt holes in my dressing gown.	neu
F	It burnt my comb too and all the towels in the bathroom.	exc
M	Ah, we were much younger then.  That was a rouser wasn't it?	xxx
F	That was the first time you ever hit me.	xxx
M	You didn't hit me- I didn't hit you very hard.	xxx
F	Then the manager came in and found us rolling about on the floor biting and scratching like panthers.	exc
M	I shall never forget his face.	xxx
F	How ridiculous.  How utterly, utterly ridiculous.	exc
M	We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	And very much sillier.	exc
M	As a matter of fact, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	xxx

M	Oh.	xxx
F	[BREATHING]	neu
M	Good God.	xxx
F	Do you think it's them?	neu
M	I wonder.	xxx
F	I mean, nobody knows we're here except for Freda and she wouldn't ring up.	fea
M	It must be them then.	xxx
F	What are we to do?	fea
M	We're all right, aren't we darling? Whatever happens.	neu
F	Yes. Now and always, sweet.	xxx
M	Then I don't care.	neu
F	It was bound to come sooner or later.	xxx
M	Hello? Hello? What? Ugh, wrong number.	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] God, it sent shivers up my spine.	xxx
M	things that should matter dreadfully don't seem to matter at all when one's happy, do they?	exc
F	Um terrible thing is one can't stay happy. Well, it's true. I mean, the whole business is a very poor joke.	xxx
M	Ooh darling, don't say that.	xxx
M	You mean that sacred and beautiful thing, love?	xxx
F	Yes, meaning just that.	xxx
M	What does it all mean? That's what I ask myself in my quest for ultimate truth. What does it all mean?	xxx
F	Don't laugh at me. I'm serious.	exc
M	[LAUGHTER]. You mustn't be serious, my dear one, that's what they want.	exc
F	Who's they?	xxx
M	All the futile moralists who try to make life unbearable. Laugh at them. Be flippant. Laugh at all the sacred shibboleths. Flippancy brings out the acid in their damn sweetness and light.	xxx
F	Well, if I laugh at everything I'm going to have to laugh at us too.	xxx
M	Ooh, certainly you must. We're figures of fun, all right.	exc
F	So how long is it going to last? This ludicrous, overbearing love of ours?	xxx
M	Who knows?	xxx
F	Shall we always want to bicker and fight?	xxx
M	No. The fire will fade along with our passion.	xxx
F	Oh dear, well, shall we want that?	sad
M	Depends on how well we play it.	xxx
F	Well, what if happens if one of us is to die? Does the one that's left still laugh?	sad
M	Yes, yes. Yes, he must with all his might.	xxx
F	Well, that's serious enough.	xxx
M	No. No, it isn't. Death's very laughable. A cunning little mystery. All done with mirrors.	xxx
F	Darling, I believe you're talking nonsense.	xxx
M	So is everyone else in the long run. Let's be superficial and pity the poor philosophers.	xxx
M	Let's blow strumpets, blow-blow trumpets and squeakers and party as much as we can like small quite idiotic school children. Let's savor the delight of the moment. Come, kiss me darling, before worms pop in and out of your eye sockets.	exc
F	Elliott, worms don't pop.	xxx
M	I don't care what you do, see? As long-you can paint yourself bright green all over and dance naked in the Place Vendome and rush off madly with all the men in the world and I shan't say a word as long as you love me best.	xxx
F	Thank you, dear. The same applies to you. Except that if I ever so much as catch you looking at another woman I'll kill you.	exc
M	Remember that awful scene we had in Venice?	exc
F	Which particular one?	xxx
M	The one when you bought that little painted wooden snake in the Piazza and put it in my bed.	xxx
F	Oh Charles. That was his name. Charles. He did wiggle so beautifully.	hap
M	Horrible little thing. I hated it.	xxx
F	I know you did. You threw it out the window and into the Grand Canal. I don't think I'll ever forgive you for that.	xxx
M	How long did that row last?	xxx
F	It went on intermittently for days.	xxx
M	The worst one was in Cannes when your-your curling iron burnt a hole in my dressing gown.	xxx
F	Well, I burnt a hole in my comb too, and all the towels in the bathroom. [LAUGHTER].	xxx
F	yeah. And that was the first time you ever hit me.	hap
M	That was a rouser, wasn't it?	exc
F	The manager came in and found us rolling on the floor and biting and scratching like panthers. [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	I didn't hit you very hard.	xxx
F	I know. Oh man. Couldn't believe it.	exc
M	Oh, I will never forget his face. Ooh-rah [LAUGHTER].	xxx
M	We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	Yeah, and very much sillier.	xxx
M	Oh, the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	xxx

M	We were very much younger then.	xxx
F	And very much sillier.	hap
M	However I believe the real cause of that row was Peter Burden.	neu
F	Oh.  You knew there was nothing in that.	hap
M	I knew nothing of the sort.  You took presents from him.	neu
F	Presents?  It was only a trivial, little brooch.	hap
M	It was bristling with diamonds.  In the worst possible taste, too.	xxx
F	It was not.  I still have it, and I wear it often.  It is very pretty.	xxx
M	You went out of your way to torture me over Peter Burden.	neu
F	I did not.  You worked that whole thing up in your jealous imagination.	neu
M	Well, you let him kiss you, huh?  You said you did.	fru
F	Well, what of it?	neu
M	What of it?	xxx
F	It gave him a lot of pleasure and it didn't hurt me.	xxx
M	What about me?	ang
F	If you hadn't been so suspicious and nosey, you never would have known a thing about it.	xxx
M	That's a nice point of view, I must say.	xxx
F	Oh dear.  I'm bored with this conversation.	fru
M	So am I.  I'm bored stiff. [GARBAGE]  Do you want some brandy?	fru
F	No.  Thank you.	xxx
M	I'll have a little, I think.	neu
F	I don't know why you'd want any, you've already had three glasses.	xxx
M	No particular reason.  Anyhow, they are very small ones.	neu
F	I just think it's silly to go on and on and on about such a thing.	xxx
M	You can hardly call three glasses of liquor a whole evening long, going on and on and on.	fru
F	It's become a habit with you.	xxx
M	Oh.  Don't be so grand.  Just because you don't happen to want one at the moment.	fru
F	Don't be stupid.	ang
M	Really, Amanda.	ang
F	What?	ang
M	Nothing.	fru
M	you going out somewhere, dear?	neu
F	No.  I am just making myself fascinating for you.	ang
M	That reply has broken my heart.	xxx
F	Oh.  It's a woman's duty to allure the man.	ang
M	Well as a matter of fact, yes, that's perfectly true.	neu
F	No it isn't.	ang
M	Yes it is.	neu
F	You shut up.	ang
M	Oh really.  It's a pity you didn't have any brandy, it would have made you a little less disagreeable.	ang
F	It's funny it hasn't worked such wonders for you.	xxx
M	Snap, snap, snap.  You know you are like a little adder.	ang
F	Adders don't snap, they sting.	xxx
M	Nonsense.  They have a bag of venom behind their fangs and they snap. They snap.	ang
F	They sting. I don't care.  Do you understand?  I don't care if they bark and they roll about like hoops.	ang
M	Did you see much of Peter Burden after our divorce?	ang
F	Yes I did, quite a lot.	ang
M	And I suppose you let him kiss you a good deal more than, too. Yes.  I suppose you guys had a riotous time, huh?  All out, no restraint at all.  Well, you never really had much anyhow.	ang
F	Mind your own business.	ang
F	You're quite insufferable, I expect it's because you are drunk.	ang
M	I think I am not in the least bit drunk.	ang
F	You've always had a weak head.	ang
M	I think I mentioned once before that I've had three minute liquor glasses the whole evening long.  A child of two cannot get drunk on that.	ang
F	On the contrary, a child of two can get violently drunk on only one glass of brandy.	ang
M	That's very interesting Amanda. How about a child of four?  Or a child of six?  Or a child of nine? We can get a good little conversation going on about this, you know, intemperate tots.	ang
F	Oh shut up.	ang
F	Shut up.	ang
F	Not very funny, darling.  Why don't you have some more brandy.	ang
M	[LAUGHTER] That's a very good idea.  I think I will.	xxx
M	Look, you better turn that off. I don't want to wake up the people upstairs.	ang
F	Why?	neu
F	There are no people upstairs; it's a photographer's studio.	neu
M	Well then you'll wake up the people downstairs.	ang
F	They are away in Tunis.	neu
M	This is no time of year for Tunis.	neu
F	Turn it on again, please.	xxx
M	I will do no such thing.	ang
F	Fine if you insist on being boorish and idiotic.	ang
M	Will you turn that off, it's driving me mad.	ang
F	You are far too temperamental, try to control yourself.	ang
M	Turn it off.	ang
F	I won't.  Let go, let go of me. Listen, listen?  I'm sick and tired of listening to you, you sadistic bully.	ang
M	Amanda, listen, listen.	ang
M	Oh.  That's very amusing indeed.	ang
F	Oh shut up.  Let go.  I hate you, I hate you.  Do you hear?  You are a conceited and overbearing and utterly impossible.	ang
M	You are a vile, ill-tempered, loose living, wicked little beast and I never want to see you again as long as I live.	ang
F	This is the end.  Do you hear me?  Finally and forever.	ang
M	You're not going like this.	ang
F	Oh.  Yes I am.	ang
M	You're not.	ang
F	Yes I am.   Stop it. Stop it.  Let go of me. Oh.  You're a cruel fiend.  I loathe and I hate you. Marry you again?  Never, never, never. I hope you die in torment, you brute beast cad.	ang
M	Shut up. Shut up. God, I wouldn't marry you again if you came crawling back to me on a bended knee.  You are a vile, ill-tempered, mean little wench and I never want to see you again as long as I live.	ang

M	So what do you think?	neu
F	About what?	xxx
M	What I was saying.	neu
F	It's ridiculous.	fru
M	Certainly it's not. Slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	neu
F	It's PR. Someone sold you a bill of goods that this wonderful event is going to take place on the beach.	xxx
M	Well, I'm not the only one look at all these people.	xxx
F	Yea, sure everyone was sold the same story. I mean it keeps us all excited, keeps us coming back for more, keeps us thinking that life is going to start any second now if we can just get in on the action and find the right spot.	xxx
M	Are we talking about the same thing?	xxx
F	I'm sorry but it's still just fish to me.	xxx
M	Carla, can I ask you something? Don't take this wrong but are you having your period?	fru
F	Goddamn it Augie don't ask me that. I hate it when you ask me that. You always ask me that. It's insulting.	ang
M	Well, what's bugging you?	fru
F	We just have different ideas of what this evening is supposed to look like.	ang
M	There is nothing to it, we come here, the Grunion arrive, then do their little fish business, we go oh ah look, they go home, we go home.	fru
F	For heavens sake we are not going to see the Grunions.	fru
M	Why not?	fru
F	We never do, do we? I mean have we ever?	fru
M	We've missed them twice; that's not ever.	fru
F	Twice is every time we've tried, that's ever.	fru
M	Well, we'll see them this year.	neu
F	No we won't; it's pointless. It's like waiting up to see Santa Claus,	fru
F	I mean I feel like my whole life is going to be spent standing on the beach waiting for the fish to show up with my eyes open and my hands clasped expectantly and the fish won't show up.	ang
M	I thought you wanted to see them.	fru
F	You don't understand anything I'm saying.	fru
M	No of course not.	fru
F	I did want to see them, I always do. I mean I keep thinking that this is going to be the time and it never is.	ang
M	It's just fish, I mean nothing to get traumatized over.	xxx
F	For heavens sake this isn't about fish.	fru
M	All right. I've been trying to work this backwards but I cannot seem to pinpoint the moment that we took a turn for the worst.	fru
M	You were fine during the phone call from Marge, dinner was okay, doing the dishes was no problem, let's see, I took a shower, you watched the news, you said	neu
M	"the Grunion are running tonight," I said "great, let's go, I feel lucky,"	neu
M	okay so I'm getting on my jacket and putting out the animals, getting the car out of the garage-	neu
F	Do you remember the first time we came to see it? It was about four years ago right after we got married.	sad
F	We thought I was pregnant and we opened a bottle of champagne but no glasses, you asked me to dance, we kicked off our shoes and you popped the cork.	sad
F	And when we were dancing you said the softest most intimate things to me right into my ears so I could feel them as much as hear them	sad
F	and I remember thinking that this is it you know. At last, at last I am as happy as I am supposed to be	sad
M	Wait a minute I've got it	xxx
F	Just dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne out of the bottle.	sad
M	It was in the car, right? Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker you said, let's get some champagne and I said times are wasting or something like that, right?	exc
M	Of course, I see it now; you want this to be like that other time, right? That's it, right?	exc
F	I'd rather not remember some things. I would rather not hope for some things.	sad
M	Yea. Okay, sure, no. I see. Listen, you want to dance?	neu
F	No.	sad
M	You want to go get some champagne?	neu
F	No.	sad
M	Take off our shoes?	neu
F	No.	xxx
M	What, you want me to breathe in your ear?	xxx
F	No.	xxx
M	Get married again?	neu
F	No.	fru
M	What? What? You want a divorce?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A vacation?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A new carpet? A poodle, a ice cream, backrub, a suicide pact, what, what Carla, what the hell do you want?	fru
F	I want something to turn out the way that it supposed to.	fru
M	Well welcome to the human race, all right. Do you think this is what I had in mind when I proposed? You think I had this great fantasy going that four years down the road we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish?	ang
M	You think I knew that there be times when you'd look at me like I'm a used Kleenex, or that I'd look at you and think holy hell when is the next flight to Alaska?	xxx
M	No, no, just like you I thought it was going to be all like peaches and roses and sand in our toes, and wind in our hair, and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'll have three, fat, rosy kids and ha-ha baby the joke is on us	fru
M	'cause you know what you get Carla, you know what you get? This.	fru
F	This? What, what is this? This isn't even anything.	fru
M	Yes, it is.	xxx
F	I'm sure, this is standing on the beach, this is waiting, this is fighting.	fru
M	Right.	xxx
F	Well, but this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.	sad
M	No, I know. Me neither.	sad
F	I mean it's -- this is just this. I mean it includes a lot and everything but isn't something else. Do you have any idea what I'm trying to say?	fru
M	I'm doing the best I can.	xxx
F	I know that Augie. Really I do.	xxx
F	I know that you meant this to be special and nice, and there's the sand and the moon and everything but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.	sad
M	Maybe if you were with somebody else too.	sad
F	I didn't say that.	xxx
M	No, I know. But still, I know I don't make you happy.	sad
F	For heavens sake, whatever I'm doing I'd rather be doing it with you.	xxx
M	Yeah?	xxx
F	Don't be ridiculous. I mean don't you know that?	hap
F	You're the one who probably wishes he was with someone else, someone who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.	sad
M	Now that you mention it. No, I don't.	hap
F	Okay.  Fine, so we're in the wrong spot but we're with the right person.	xxx
M	I don't know it seemed like a pretty good spot to me. Look at the moon - view the moon view I got from here.	hap
F	Yes, I noticed that. It looks pretty on the water doesn't it? Big old white moon.	xxx
M	What have we got here?	hap
F	Augie, you brought refreshments.	xxx
M	It's not champagne.	xxx
F	Well, I guess we don't need glasses.	hap
M	You still cold? Do you want my jacket? Do you want to go home?	xxx
F	No. No. I think you might be right. I think this may be the spot after all.	xxx
F	Augie, I'm sorry.	sad
M	Shh, if we're very quiet the fish might come.	hap
F	Or not.	hap
M	Or not.	hap
F	Hmm.	neu

M	What time is it?  They're supposed to run around midnight.	exc
M	This is great, isn't it?  Look at the night we've got here, couldn't be better.	exc
M	I would have liked to have gone a little further up the coast to get away from the lights and the people, but I was afraid we'd miss it.	exc
M	How you doing?	exc
F	Fine.	xxx
M	Is that--no--is that just foam?  I can't even tell.	exc
M	Well, I guess we can tell, it probably isn't right?  Probably be unmistakable don't you think?	exc
M	How you doing?  Aw, you know what I forgot?  I forgot to bring my flashlight.  Oh, how could I be so stupid?  I should've brought my flashlight.	exc
F	What flashlight?	neu
M	You know, the flashlight, the silver one.  There's only one isn't there?	xxx
F	That's not your flashlight.	xxx
M	Who's is it?	xxx
F	It's ours.  It's mine too.	xxx
M	Oh, well sure.	neu
F	You kept saying my flashlight, if as if somehow it's just yours.  I mean is that supposed to make me feel?	xxx
M	Right, of course.  Our flashlight.  Mine and yours.  I mean, me flashlight is su flashlight naturally.	neu
M	How could we forget to bring it?  I hope the moon stays out.	xxx
M	I wonder, do they always run during a full moon?  I can't remember if it was full last year.  Do you remember?	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
M	You cold?  Do you want my jacket?  Oh, we should've brought the blanket.  Our blanket.	neu
M	This is great, isn't it?  A six pack would be just the ticket right now.	exc
M	I can't believe I forgot.  I'm like a kid.  It's amazing I got out of the house with my fly zipped.	exc
M	You think they can hear us talk?  Or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?	exc
F	I'm cold.	xxx
M	Do you want my jacket?	neu
F	It's after eleven, let's just go home.	fru
M	Are you kidding?  We'd miss it.  We just got here.  What's the point of coming down here if we just turn around and go home.	xxx
F	There is no point in coming down here.	xxx
M	Right.	neu
F	That's my point.	xxx
M	That's my point too.	neu
F	So, let's go.	xxx
M	No. No. That's not my point.  The point is there's no point in coming down if we just leave.  Don't you want to see it?	neu
F	Not particularly.	xxx
M	Why not?	xxx
F	I just don't.  It's stupid.	xxx
M	Honey, this is a natural phenomenon.  I mean this only happens once a year, you know.	xxx
M	Think about the people in Kansas, they had to get plane tickets and hotel reservations to see this.  We live forty minutes away.  It's too good to pass up.	exc
F	Pass up what?  These little fish swim onto the beach, they flop around, and swim away.  And then they die.	fru
M	Yeah, but that moment on the beach, is the highlight of their little lives.  All that flopping is laying eggs or what do you--spawning or mating.  I mean,	exc
M	this is a big night for these guys.  Life's last orgy.	exc
F	What are you so excited about?  I mean, it's not a moon landing we're talking about here.  It's fish.  It's a fish nobody even eats.	fru
M	Yeah they do.	fru
F	Ah, Augie.	fru
M	Alright.  But it's fish that do something that none of the other fish do.  Like the swallows returning to Capistrano or the lemmings throwing themselves off the cliffs.	exc
M	There's--there's a bit of the magic--some unexplainable here.  I don't see how you can not be interested.	xxx
F	I'm just not.	fru
M	For real?	xxx
F	Yeah.	xxx
M	I don't get it.  The first time we came here, you said it was the best night of your life.	neu
M	And last year, I remember specifically you were so excited to go that you stubbed your toe rushing me out of the house and didn't even notice until we got in the car.	xxx
F	Last year, you will also remember our shoes got wet, I got sand in my panties, you got a sore throat, we got in a big fight over nothing, and we didn't see the grunions.	fru
M	We weren't in a good spot.	neu
F	We didn't see them the first time either.	neu
M	We just weren't in a good spot.  This is a much better spot.  Believe me, I've got good instincts for these things.	xxx
M	There is that--no that's just seaweed isn't it?	exc
M	Oh man, this is great, isn't it?  I wouldn't miss this for anything.  Here, think about this, all right, I know you're not interested, but think about this.	exc
M	Somewhere out there, this huge mass of silver fish swimming this way.	xxx
M	They don't know why, we don't know why.  Nobody sent them an invitation or a map, it wasn't a decision, just-	xxx
M	all as one, this time release instinctual little firecracker went off and they all turned and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming.  And they're swimming right now as if that's all that matters.	exc
M	It's like single mindedness with no mind.  It's urgency that's pure urge.  They don't know what drives them.  They don't ask it a question or give it a name.	exc
M	They just turn as one and start the swim that brings them right here to where we stand, for a massive celebration of sex and death.	exc
M	Ah, God, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  Look, all my hairs are popped up.	exc
F	That's the wind.	xxx
M	Well, so what do you think?	neu
F	About what?	neu
M	What I was saying.	neu
F	It's ridiculous.	xxx

M	So what do you think?	exc
F	About what?	ang
M	About what I just said?	fru
F	It's ridiculous.	ang
M	It certainly is not.  It's a slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	fru
F	It's PR.  I mean, somebody sold you a good bill about this wonderful event that going to happen on the beach.	ang
M	I'm not the only one.  Look at all these people.	fru
F	Yeah.  Everyone else was sold the same thing.  I mean, look, it keeps us excited, it keeps us coming back for more and you know, keeps us thinking life's going to start any minute now.	ang
M	Are we talking about the same thing?	fru
F	Look, I'm sorry but it's still just fish to me.	ang
M	I thought you wanted to see it.	fru
F	It's just...	xxx
F	Look, we just have different ideas of what this night is supposed to be like.	xxx
M	There's nothing to it.  The Grunions arrive, they do their little fish business, you know?  We go oh, ahh, look at the fish and they go home and we go home.	fru
F	For heavens sake, grow up.  We're not going to see the Grunions.	fru
M	Why not?	fru
F	We never do, do we?  Have we ever?	fru
M	Oh my gosh.  We missed them twice, that's hardly ever.	fru
F	Okay.  Twice is as many times as we've tried and that's ever.	ang
M	Carla, can I ask you something?	fru
F	What?	xxx
M	Don't take this wrong but, are you having your period?	fru
F	Augie, god dammit, don't ask me that.  You always ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  It's insulting.	ang
M	What's bugging you then?	fru
F	Look, it's pointless.  It's...we're not going to see the Grunions I mean, it's like waiting around to see Santa Claus, you know, it's...	fru
F	Listen, I've waiting my entire life on this beach just standing there waiting for this fish to show up and these fish never show up.	ang
M	I thought you wanted to see it.	fru
F	God, you don't understand anything.	fru
M	No, of course not.	fru
F	I do.  I always do.  I keep thinking, this time will be the time and it never is.	fru
M	Well, we're going to see it.	neu
F	No we won't.  I mean, God, this isn't about the fish Augie.	ang
M	What...I've been trying to, I've been trying to figure out the point where we went wrong and I can't seem to pinpoint that moment.	fru
M	You were fine during the phone call with Marge, dinner was okay, doing the dishes was no problem.	xxx
M	Let's see I took a shower, you were watching the news, you said hey, hey the Grunions are running tonight and I said great let's go, I feel lucky tonight.	neu
M	And then I'm putting the animals out in the yard, I'm pulling the car out of the garage, putting my jacket on.	fru
F	Look, do you remember the first time we came here?	fru
F	We thought I was pregnant.	sad
F	We brought a bottle of champagne and we took off our shoes and danced barefoot in the sand...	xxx
F	Under the moon and you whispered so softly into my ear so I could feel your words.	xxx
F	And I thought, this is it.  This is how happy I'm supposed to be.	xxx
M	Wait a minute.  I've got it.	neu
F	What?  Dancing barefoot in the sand?  Drinking out of a bottle of champagne?	xxx
M	It was in the car right?  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker...	neu
M	And you said let's get some champagne and I said time's a wasting or something like that.	neu
M	You want this to be like the other time right?  That's it right?	neu
F	I'd rather not remember something...	sad
F	Rather not hope for something.	sad
M	Okay, right.  I got it.  Sure.  Of course.  Listen, do you want to dance?	xxx
F	No.	sad
M	Do you want me to get some champagne?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	Take off our shoes?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	What?  Do you want me to breathe in your ear?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	Do you want to get married again? What? What?  Do you want a divorce? A vacation? What?  A carpet?  A poodle?  A basket of fruit?  What?  A suicide pact?  What the hell do you want Carla?	xxx
F	No...No...No...	fru
F	No...	fru
F	I want things to turn out the way that they're supposed to be.	ang
M	Welcome to the human race.	ang
M	Do you think that this is what I had in mind?  That four years down the line that we'd get married and come to the beach and argue with each other over fish?  No.	ang
M	I was just like you.  I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and everything great and the sand in our toes and the wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will pay themselves and we'd have three big fat rosy kids...	ang
M	...and you know?  Baby the jokes on us.  Because you know what you get?  Do you know what you get Carla?  You get this.	ang
F	This what...what's this?  This isn't anything. Alright.  Sure.  Standing on the beach, fighting and waiting.	fru
M	Yes it is.	ang
M	Right.	ang
F	Cause everything isn't anything like I thought it would be.	ang
M	No.  I know.  Me neither.	xxx
F	This is just this.  You know?  I mean it's a lot and everything but it isn't somewhere else.  Do you know what I'm trying to say?	sad
M	I'm trying to do the best I can.	fru
F	I know you are Augie.  I know you wanted this evening to be nice.	sad
F	I can't help thinking about being somewhere else.	sad
M	Maybe if you were with someone else too.	sad
F	I didn't say that.	sad
M	I know.  But I know I don't make you happy.	sad
F	Augie, whatever I'm doing I'd rather be doing with you.	sad
M	Yeah?	xxx
F	Yeah.  Don't you know that?	xxx
F	If anybody wants to be with anybody else it's probably you.  Probably somebody who enjoys herself a little more and is not so hard.	sad
M	Actually, now that you mention it, no I don't.	xxx
F	Well, I guess this is the wrong spot for the right people.	sad
M	It seemed like a good spot to me.	xxx
M	I mean look at the view of the moon we got from here.	hap
F	Yeah.  I noticed that.  It's real pretty on the water.	hap
F	Big old white moon.	xxx
M	Hey, look what we got here.	hap
F	Oh you brought refreshments.	hap
M	It's not champagne.	xxx
F	Well at least we won't need glasses.	xxx
M	Are you still cold?  Do you want to go home?	xxx
F	No I'm beginning to think you might be right.	hap
F	I think this may be the place for us after all.	hap
F	I am sorry Augie.	hap
M	Shh.  If we're very quiet the fish might come.	hap
F	Or not.	hap
M	Or not.	hap

F	You're the only one I know who loves his parents.	xxx
M	I know it went out of style didn't it?	xxx
F	It's okay.  It's a good thing.	xxx
F	You know it's lovely here.  The air is sweet.	xxx
M	You're not sorry you came.	xxx
F	Not sorry, no but I'm not staying.	xxx
M	Why?	xxx
F	In the first place, your mother as much as told me to go.	xxx
M	Well.	xxx
F	You saw that and you- you've been kind of-	xxx
M	What?	ang
F	Well kind of embarrassed ever since I got here.	xxx
M	The trouble is I planned on sneaking up on you over a period of a week or so but they take it for granted that we're all set.	xxx
F	I knew they would, your mother anyway.	xxx
M	How did you know?	xxx
F	From her point of view why else would I come?	xxx
M	Wouldn't you want to?	xxx
M	I guess you know this is why I asked you to come.	neu
F	I guess this is why I came.	hap
M	Ann, I love you.  I love you a great deal.  I love you.	hap
M	I have no imagination that's all I know to tell you.	hap
M	I'm embarrassing you.  I didn't want to tell it to you here.  I	hap
M	wanted some place we'd never been, a place where we'd be brand new to each other.	xxx
M	You think this is wrong, this chair, this yard.  I want you to be ready for me.  I don't want to win you away from anything.	xxx
F	Chris, I've been ready a long, long time.	hap
M	And he's gone forever.  You're sure?	neu
F	I almost got married two years ago.	xxx
M	Why didn't you?	xxx
F	You started to write me.	hap
M	You felt something that far back?	xxx
F	Every day since.	hap
M	Ann, why didn't you let me know?	xxx
F	I was waiting for you, Chris.  Till then you never wrote and then when you did what did you say.  I mean you sure can be ambiguous you know.	hap
M	Give me a kiss, Ann.  Give me a-God I kissed you.	hap
M	I kissed Annie.  How long, how long I've been waiting to kiss you.	hap
F	I'll never forgive you.  Why did you wait all these years?  All I've done is sit and wonder if I was crazy for thinking of you.	hap
M	Annie, we're going to live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.	hap
F	Not like that you're not.	xxx
M	I kissed you.	xxx
F	Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you, Chris.	xxx
F	What is it Chris?	xxx
M	Let's drive some place.  I want to be alone with you.	xxx
F	No.  What is it Chris, your mother?	xxx
M	No, nothing like that.	sad
F	Well then what's wrong?  Even in your letters there was something ashamed.	xxx
M	Yes.  I suppose I have been but it's going from me.	sad
F	You've got to tell me.	xxx
M	I don't know where to start.	fru
F	It wouldn't work this way.	xxx
M	There's so many things mixed up.	sad
M	You remember overseas I was in command of a company?	sad
F	Yeah, sure.	neu
M	Well I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	sad
M	Just about all.	sad
F	Oh, gees.	xxx
M	It takes a lot of time to toss that off because they weren't just men.	sad
M	For instance, one time it had been raining several days and this kid came to me and gave me his last pair of dry socks.	sad
M	I put them in my pocket. that's only a little thing but these are the kind of guys I had.	sad
M	They didn't die.  They killed themselves for each other.  I mean that exactly.  A little more selfish and they'd have been here today.	sad
M	And I got this idea watching them go down.  Everything was being destroyed see, but it seemed to me that there was one new thing that was made	sad
M	a sort of responsibility man for man.  You understand me?	sad
M	And then I came home and it was amazing.	sad
M	There was no meaning in it here.	xxx
M	The whole thing to them was sort of a bus accident. Then I went to work with father and that whole rat race again.	xxx
M	I felt, what you said, ashamed somehow	sad
M	because nobody was changed at all.  It seemed to make suckers out of a lot of guys.	sad
M	I felt wrong to be alive, to open the new bank book, to drive the new car, to see the new refrigerator.	sad
M	I mean you can take those things out of war but	xxx
M	when you drive the new car, you have to know that it came out of the love a man can have for a man.  You've got to be a little better because of that.	sad
M	Otherwise what you have is really just loot and there's blood on it.  I didn't want to take any of it.	sad
M	I guess that included you.	sad
F	And do you still feel that way?	xxx
M	I want you now, Annie.	xxx
F	Because you mustn't feel that way anymore because you have a right to whatever you have, Chris, do you understand, everything	xxx
F	that includes me.  And your money there's nothing wrong in your money.  Your father put hundreds of planes in the air.	xxx
F	You should be proud.  A man should be paid for that.	xxx
M	Annie, Annie I'm going to make a fortune for you.	hap
F	What'll I do with a fortune?	hap

F	Why did he invite her here?	ang
M	Oh, God, line.	neu
F	Why does that bother you?	neu
M	Why does- why, does that bother you?	xxx
F	She's been in New York three and a half years.  Why, all of a sudden--	ang
M	Well, maybe- maybe he just wanted to see her.	xxx
F	Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.	ang
M	What do you mean?  He grew up next door to the girl all his life.  Why shouldn't he want to -- why shouldn't he want to see her again?	fru
M	Don't look at me like that.  He didn't tell me anymore than he told you.	xxx
F	He's not going to marry her.	ang
M	How do you know he's even thinking about it?	neu
F	It's got that about it.	ang
M	Well so what?	neu
F	What's going on here, Joe?	ang
M	Line.	neu
F	Now listen, kid. Now, listen.	neu
M	Oh.  Now listen, kid.	xxx
F	She's not his girl, Joe.  She knows she's not.	ang
M	You can't read her mind.	xxx
F	Then why is she still single?  New York is full of men.  Why hasn't she married?  Probably a hundred people told her she's foolish, but she's waited.	ang
M	How do you know why she waited?	xxx
F	Because she knows what I know, that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.  In my worst moments, I think of her waiting and I know, again, that I'm right.	ang
M	Look, it's a nice day.  What are we arguing for?	fru
F	Nobody in this house dares take her faith away, Joe.  Strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.	ang
M	What do you want me to do? What do you want?	fru
F	I want you to act like he's coming back, both of you.  Don't think I haven't noticed you since he invited her here.  I won't stand for any nonsense.	ang
M	But, Kate--	fru
F	Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.	ang
F	Laugh.  Laugh at me.  But why did that happen the very night that she came here?	ang
F	She goes to sleep in his bed and his memorial breaks in pieces.  Look.  Look at it.  Joe--	ang
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Believe with me, Joe.  I can't stand all alone	ang
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Only last week, a man turned up in Detroit missing longer than Larry.	xxx
M	Alright, alright.  Calm yourself.	fru
F	You, above all, have got to believe.  You.	ang
M	Why me above all?	fru
F	Just don't stop believing.	xxx
M	What does that mean, me above all?  Look at you.  You're shaking.	xxx
F	I can't help it.	sad
M	What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you, Kate?	ang

F	Hi. Excuse me.  Um, I'd like to put in this application for my registration.	neu
M	Hi.	neu
M	Okay.  Let me see here.  Um, we need--we need your original birth certificate.	neu
F	My--my original birth certificate?  But I don't carry that with me.	sur
M	Right.  Well.  We still need it.	neu
F	Well, I have my driver's license, does that work?	xxx
M	No. no  Uh, no one told you that you needed your original birth certificate.	xxx
F	No it doesn't say it on the form.	fru
F	I mean it just says that you need some form of identification, but it doesn't say what kind of identification.	fru
F	I mean if I had known--I would have brought it.	fru
M	um Sorry.	neu
M	Okay.  Um, I'm sorry but I--I can't help you.  You're gonna have to go back and uh...	fru
F	Look, I've been waiting in line for a really long time.  I mean, you've seen how long it is.	fru
F	It's lunch hour.	fru
M	Right.  It's the D.M.V..	fru
M	I know, it gets long, but I can't do anything without your--do you have Social Security card, maybe?	fru
F	Well, no.  I mean, I don't carry my original documents with me because if those things get destroyed, then what do you, you know what I mean, like if I loose my wallet or something, I'll never have them again.	fru
F	I have my passport and I have my driver's license. And that's all I have.	fru
M	Alright, I don't know what to tell you right.	fru
M	I think you're just gonna--you're gonna have to get 'em and then you can back and then, we'll help you out.  Maybe, we can-	fru
F	But, isn't there anything you can do.  Can't you make an exception this one time?  My picture is on both of those identifications.  It's not like you don't know that it's me.	fru
M	I can't.	fru
F	And I can give you my social--	fru
M	I make an exception for you and I have to make an exception for everyone.  I mean, I-I've seen this before and I know it's frustrating, but there's nothing I can do. You just have to-	fru
F	Well, I can give you my Social Security Number.	fru
M	No, it's--	fru
F	And I can tell you where I was born and what time and by who and what day.	fru
M	Okay.  But how do I--that's- that's not proof to me.  How do I know that, you know, that it's really you.  I need--	fru
F	I can't go--I have to go back to work.  I don't have time to go back to my house and get all of that stuff and then get back in line and wait for another forty five minutes.	fru
M	Well, the weekends are not as busy.  Maybe you can uh, come and try to get here early--	fru
F	Um, I have kids.  I have to take them places on the weekends.  I don't have time to come back here.  Please.  I really need you to help me.	fru
M	I can't.  There's nothing I can do.  I'm sorry.	fru
F	Well.  [BREATHING] I just--I just don't.  I-I'm sorry that I'm standing here-- But I can't leave. I-	fru
M	The line--	xxx
F	I really need this done today.  As you can see, the deadline is almost up and I can't come back.	fru
M	Ok, but you're right now you're holding up more people in line by standing here-- and letting	ang
F	Well, why didn't the D.M.V. put that you needed your birth certificate on the application then?	ang
M	I--when you're going to the D.M.V., you usually need pretty professional identification--	fru
M	You know, Official documentation--	ang
F	Yeah, but your birth certificate--I mean, who carries around their birth certificate?  Nobody does that.	ang
M	No, but you come--you come to the D.M.V., it's something-- You should've- You should've figured--	fru
F	With your driver's license and your passport.  Just like everybody else.	ang
M	But, without your drive--where-where- what about your identification without your driver's license?  I mean, you need--you needed something before then?	fru
F	Who--you always use your driver's license.  I mean, you're not coming to the D.M.V. if you're not over sixteen and that's when you get your driver's license so you're never gonna need it anyway.	ang
M	All right.  Well, um, you know, I'd love to help you, but--nothing I can do.	fru
M	So, if you wanna go get your birth certificate, um, maybe come back--I don't--maybe you can talk to the person in the--in the front of line maybe.  I don't know.	fru
F	Do you have a supervisor?	fru
M	I am the supervisor.  So--	fru
F	Well, thank you very much.  You've been very helpful.	fru

M	Hey, what time is it?  This pokes around midnight right?  God this is great isn't it?	exc
M	Look at the night we got.  I wouldn't trade this for anything.	exc
M	You know actually I wanted to go a little further up the coast and get away from all the lights and people but I was afraid you'd miss it.  How are you doing?	exc
F	Fine.	xxx
M	Is that, is that, nah, is that just Paul?  I can't even tell.	exc
M	But if I can't tell, it probably isn't them isn't it?  Probably would be unmistakable wouldn't you think?  How are you doing?	exc
M	Oh, you know what I forgot?  I forgot my flashlight.  How could I be so stupid?  I should've brought my flashlight.	exc
F	What flashlight?	xxx
M	You know, the flashlight, the silver one?  There's only one isn't there?	xxx
F	It's not your flashlight.	xxx
M	Well, whose is it?	xxx
F	It's ours.  Mine too.	xxx
M	Well, sure.	xxx
F	Well, you keep saying it's my flashlight like it's only your flashlight.  I mean, how do you think that makes me feel?	xxx
M	No.  Of course, our flashlight.  Yours and mine.  Me flashlight is su flashlight, naturally.	xxx
M	How could we have not thought to bring it?  I hope the moon stays out.	xxx
M	Was it a full moon last year when they were running?  I can't remember.  Do you remember?	xxx
F	Yes.	neu
M	Are you cold?  Do you want my jacket?	xxx
M	We should've brought the blanket, our blanket.	xxx
M	God.  Oh, you know what would be good right about now?  A six-pack.  A six-pack would be just the ticket.	exc
M	I'm so stupid, I should've brought a six-pack.  God, I'm like a little kid.  It's amazing I get out of the house with my fly zipped up. Oh- [LAUGHTER]	exc
M	I wonder if they can hear us talk?  Or feel the vibrations in the sand when we move around?	exc
F	Look, I'm cold.	xxx
M	Do you want my jacket?	neu
F	It's past eleven, let's go.	fru
M	What?  Are you kidding me?  We just got here.  We miss it.  What's the point of coming down here if we just turn around and go home?	xxx
F	There is no point in coming down here.	fru
M	Right.	xxx
F	That's my point.	fru
M	That's my point too...No.  No.  That's not my point.  My point is what's the point if we come down here if we just turn around and leave?	fru
F	So let's go.	xxx
M	I mean, don't you want to see it?	xxx
F	Not particularly.	xxx
M	Why not?	xxx
F	I don't know.  I just don't.	xxx
M	Honey, this is a natural phenomenon.  It only happens once a year.  I mean think about the people in Kansas, they would have to get hotel reservations and plane tickets to come and see this.  We're only forty minutes away.  This is too good to pass up.	exc
F	Pass up what?  These fish swim up to shore, on the beach and then they flop around a little, they swim away and then they die.	fru
M	Well this is like the highlight, the one night of their lives and that flopping around, that's laying eggs or spawning or mating or whatever you call it.	exc
M	But this is the big night for these guys.  Their last, life's last orgy.	exc
F	What are you getting so excited about?  I mean, it's not like it's like the landing on the moon or something.  I mean, it's just fish, fish that nobody eats.	xxx
M	Yeah they do.	exc
F	Augie.	fru
M	Okay.  But it's fish that do something that no other fish do.  Like the swallows in Capistrano or the Lemmings that throw themselves off the cliffs, there's magic here and some mystery and a little bit of unexplainable.	exc
M	I mean, I can't see how you can not be interested.	xxx
F	I'm just not.	neu
M	For real?	xxx
F	Yes.	xxx
M	I don't get it.  I mean the first time we came to see it, you said it was the best night of your life.	xxx
M	And last year when we came you ran out of the house so fast you stubbed your toe and you didn't even notice it until we got in the car.	xxx
F	You also could remember that I got sand in my panties, we got in an argument over nothing, you got a sore throat and we didn't even get to see the Grunions.	fru
M	Okay.  We're in a good spot.	xxx
F	You didn't see them the first time either.	fru
M	We just weren't in the good spot.  This is a much better spot.  You know, I have a good instincts for these things.	fru
M	Look, is that...no is that just seaweed?	exc
M	You know, this is great isn't it?  You know, I wouldn't trade this for anything.	exc
M	I mean, think about this, I know you're not interested but just think about this for a minute.	exc
M	Somewhere out there, there's this huge silver mass of fish heading this way, they don't why, we don't know why, they just some little instinctual fire cracker went off in their bodies...	exc
M	...like and they all just turned at once and formed a line as long as the California coast and started swimming this way.  They didn't, you know, they didn't make a decision, they didn't, you know, have boats or anything.  No one sent them an invitation or a map, they just started swimming as if that's the only thing that matters.	exc
M	It's single mindedness with no mind.  It's urgency that's pure urge and they don't, they don't ask it a question, they don't give it a name, they just swim.	exc
M	They just start swimming to this place right here where we stand for massive celebration of sex and death.	exc
M	Oh, I'm giving myself goose bumps.  Look, all my hairs are standing up.	exc
F	That's the wind.	xxx
M	[BREATHING] So what do you think?	exc
F	About what?	xxx
M	About what I just said?	exc
F	It's ridiculous.	xxx
M	It certainly is not.  It's	fru

M	Well, so what do you think?	neu
F	About what?	xxx
M	What I said.	xxx
F	It's ridiculous.	xxx
M	It certainly is not.  It's slightly exaggerated scientific fact.	xxx
F	It's PR.  Somebody sold you a bill of goods that this wonderful event is going to take place on the beach.	ang
M	I'm not the only one.  Look at these people.	xxx
F	Well sure everybody's told the same story.  It keeps us all coming back for more.  It keeps us all excited, keeps us thinking that life is going to start any minute now if we can just find the right spot and get in on the action.	xxx
M	Are we talking about the same thing?	xxx
F	Well I'm sorry but it's still just fish to me.	xxx
M	Carla, can I ask you something?  Don't take this the wrong way but are you having your period?	xxx
F	Goddamn it Augie don't ask me that.  You always ask me that.  I hate it when you ask me that.  It's insulting.	ang
M	Well then what's bugging you?	fru
F	We just have different ideas about what this evening is supposed to look like.	ang
M	There's nothing to it.  We come down here.  The grunions arrive.  They do their little fish business.  We go oh, ah look at the fish.  They go home.  We go home.	fru
F	For heaven's sake, this is not about fish.	ang
M	Why not?	fru
F	We totally skipped. Right.	neu
M	There's nothing to it.  We come down here.  The grunions arrive.  They do the little fish business.  We go oh, ah look at the fish.  They go home.  We go home.	xxx
F	For heaven's sake, grow up we are not going to see the Grunions.	ang
M	Why not?	fru
F	We never do.  Do we have we ever?	ang
M	We've missed them twice that's not ever.	fru
F	Twice is every time we've tried that's ever.	ang
M	We'll see them this year.	fru
F	No, we won't.  It's pointless.  It's like waiting up to see Santa Clause.	xxx
F	God I feel as though my entire life is going to be spent standing on the beach with my eyes wide open and my hands clasped expectantly waiting for the fish to show up,	xxx
F	and the fish won't show up.	ang
M	I thought you wanted to see it.	fru
F	You don't understand anything I'm saying.	fru
M	No, of course not.	fru
F	I did want to see it.  I always do.  I keep thinking that this time will be the time but it never is.	fru
M	It's just a fish.  Nothing to get traumatized over.	fru
F	For heaven's sake, this is not about fish.	xxx
M	I've been trying to work this backwards but I can't seem to pinpoint the moment when we took a turn for the worse.  You were fine during the phone call from Marge.  Dinner was okay.  Doing the dishes was no problem.	fru
M	Let's see I took a shower.  You watched the news.  You said the Grunions are running tonight. I said great let's go.  I feel lucky tonight.	xxx
M	Okay.  Uh, so I'm putting on my jacket, putting out the animals.  We're getting the car out of the garage.	xxx
F	Do you remember the first time we came to see it?  It was about four years ago right after we got married.	xxx
F	We thought I was pregnant and we had a bottle of champagne but no glasses.  You asked me to dance.  So we took off our shoes	sad
F	and you popped the cork and while we were dancing, you said the softest most intimate things to me	sad
F	right into my ear so that I could hear them as much as- so that I could feel them as much as hear them.	sad
F	And I remember thinking this is it.  At last, at last I'm as happy as I'm supposed to be.	sad
M	Wait a minute.  I've got it.	neu
F	Dancing barefoot in the sand, drinking champagne from the bottle.	sad
M	It was in the car right.  Driving past the Knickerbocker Liquor Locker, you said let's get some champagne and I said times a wasting or something like that.  Right?	neu
M	That's it, right?  You want this to be like the other time, right.  That's it.	exc
F	I would rather not remember some things.  I would rather not hope for some things.	sad
M	Okay.  Right.  I got it.  Sure.  Of course.  Listen you want to dance?	xxx
F	No.	neu
M	You want me to get some champagne?	neu
F	No.	sad
M	Take off our shoes?	xxx
F	No.  No.	fru
M	Well what?  Want me to breath in your ear?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	Want to get married again?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	What?  What do you want a divorce?	fru
F	No.	fru
M	A vacation?	fru
F	No.	ang
M	A new carpet, a poodle, a backrub, ice cream, a suicide pact.  What?  What?  Carla what the hell do you want?	fru
F	I want something to turn out the way it's supposed to.	xxx
M	Well welcome to the human race.  You think this is what I had in mind.	xxx
M	Do you think that when I proposed, I had this great fantasy going that four years down the line we'd come to the beach and yell at each other over fish.	fru
M	Do you think that I knew that there'd be times when you'd look at me like I'm a used Kleenex and times I would look at you and think holy hell when's the next flight to Alaska.	fru
M	No, no I'm just like you.  I thought it was going to be all peaches and roses and sand in our hair and wind in our	fru
M	Sand in our toes and wind in our hair and the fish will always come and the bills will always pay themselves and ha, ha baby the jokes on us.  Because you know what you get,	fru
M	you know what you get Carla, this.	xxx
F	This what, what is this?  This isn't even anything.	ang
M	Yes it is.	xxx
F	Oh, right, sure this is standing on the beach.  This is waiting.  This is fighting.	ang
M	Right.	xxx
F	But this isn't anything like I thought anything would be like.	xxx
M	No, I know me either.	xxx
F	This is just this.  I mean it includes a lot in everything but it's just not, you know, something else.  Do you have any idea what I'm trying to say?	xxx
M	I'm doing the best I can.	fru
F	I know you are, Augie.  Really I do.  I know you wanted this to be special and nice and it's the full moon and the sand and all but I just couldn't help thinking about being somewhere else.	sad
M	Maybe if you were with somebody else too.	sad
F	I didn't say that.	fru
M	No, I know but still.  I know I don't make you happy.	sad
F	For heaven's sake, whatever I'm doing I'd rather be doing it with you.	fru
M	Yeah?	sur
F	Well don't be ridiculous.  Don't you know that?  You're the one who probably wishes you were with somebody else	fru
F	somebody who knew how to enjoy herself and didn't take everything so hard.	sad
M	Actually now that you mention it, no I don't.	neu
F	Okay.  Fine.  So we're in the wrong spot but we're with the right person.	xxx
M	I don't know.  It seemed like a good spot to me.	neu
M	I mean look at the view you've got of the moon from here.	xxx
F	Yeah, I noticed that.  Looks pretty on the water doesn't it, big old white moon.	hap
M	Well look at what we got here.	exc
F	Oh, Augie you brought refreshments.	hap
M	It's not champagne.	neu
F	Well then I guess we don't need glasses.	hap
M	You still cold?  Do you want to go home?	xxx
F	I'm beginning to think you might be right.  I think this may be the spot after all.  Augie I'm sorry.	hap
M	Shh.  If we're very quiet, the fish might come.	xxx
F	Or not.	xxx
M	Or not.	xxx

F	It's almost time for me to go.	sad
M	I can't believe that--now--are you sure this is absolutely necessary?  Like--	xxx
F	There's nothing I can do.  I mean, the government you know--	sad
M	What--what're we gonna do here?  I can't--I can't do this by myself.  I--	fru
F	You're gonna have to.  I mean, you're a great father.  You can do it.  I know you can.	sad
M	But, I'm--I'm nothing--I'm nothing without you here.  Maybe we can--we can get out of this somehow.	fru
F	I don't think so.	sad
M	Well, come on.  You've gotta think of something.  A year--a year away, it's gonna tear us apart.  I don't even--I don't even wanna think about it.  I mean, I don't even know if I'll be able to get in touch with you or--	fru
F	Well, we can do the best we can and-and, with um, you know like wireless internet these days--I think that we could-- Talk every once in awhile.	sad
F	You could send me pictures.	sad
M	It's not going to be the same.	xxx
M	What if--maybe--what if, uh, we went somewhere over there?  I don't--I don't know--I--I need to figure something out for this because--	fru
F	Their not gonna let you.  You have to stay home and I have to go.  I mean, that's all--	sad
F	and--I mean, my daughter--I don't want to put her in danger.  You know?  She has to stay.	sad
M	This is gonna be a--a crucial yet--she's--she's growing up.  She's gonna need you.	fru
F	I know, but, she needs to be safe more.  She needs to be around kids her age--own age.  She needs to be able to play on the streets and--	sad
M	But she's--you're not gonna--you're not gonna be here for--for her first words.  For her first steps.  I mean--it's something that you're supposed to be here for that--	sad
F	You can just remember it for me.	sad
M	I don't know--I don't know--I don't know how--I don't know how this could even be possible for you--I--if I was--	fru
F	Well, I need--I need you to be able to do this for me 'cause I can't do anything about it.	sad
F	I mean, it's just as hard for me, but--I know that we can do it, you know	sad
M	I mean, you just get to--go off and do your thing.  I mean, yeah, we're both--I don't know--it's bad for both of us, but--	fru
M	...it would be so much better if we can--if we could stay together somehow.  You know--we could--we could do this together.	fru
F	I don't want you in danger.  And I don't want her in danger.	sad
M	I don't want you in danger.  Where are you going?  You're going over to war.	xxx
F	I have no choice. There's nothing I can do.	sad
M	All right.	sad

F	I don't know, Brian, if they uh--it's been three years.	fru
M	Hey, you just got to keep on going.	neu
F	No, I don't know, I--maybe this isn't for me. You know, maybe this isn't the right business for me.	fru
M	No, don't think like that.	neu
F	I just, I see all these other people getting commercials and work and it's like I'm not getting anything.	sad
F	I have no money behind me. Nothing. I'm twenty five and--	fru
M	Russel Crowe wasn't forty until he got his big stuff.	neu
M	If you really want to do it-I mean,	neu
F	So I'll have to wait twenty five years-	fru
M	you got to do.	neu
F	-just going and auditioning and auditioning and rejection after refection, it's like--	fru
M	You could. You could. We just--	neu
M	we're just pooling our funds together.	neu
F	I know, I just don't know if I can handle it. I mean, you're helping me so much financially it's like I can't survive on my own without you. I don't like that.	fru
M	You don't owe me anything.	neu
F	I feel like I'm not doing anything. Like I'm not giving anything into this world.	fru
M	You are, you're going to class, you're learning, you're getting better. When you finally get that role you're going to be prepared.	neu
F	Yeah, but what if I never make it? What if I studied all my life, this theatre, this acting, and I'm never going to get anywhere. I'm never going to be able to have a job.	fru
M	Oh my God, Anna, you're still young. Don't even think about that.	neu
F	Time is passing by. Every year it's	fru
F	a part left than I can do.	fru
M	You're only twenty five, okay? Some people don't start until they're thirty five.	neu
F	Really?	sur
M	Yeah.	neu
F	I don't know, I just [BREATHING] I get frustrated	fru
M	What would you do- What would you do if you didn't? You can go to law school.	neu
F	That's the thing. I don't know. I don't know anything.	fru
F	Law school? Maybe.	fru
F	I don't know. I don't know anything other than this, though, is the problem. This is my life. This is what I built everything about, you know.	xxx
M	See? So you can't just quit now.	neu
F	I mean, I could go to law school, but I'm just not passionate about it, you know? Like I'm not--it doesn't drive me, it doesn't motivate me. I--	xxx
M	Have you been going to auditions and stuff?	neu
F	Yeah. I mean, I get a call-back and stuff, but-	fru
F	I just, I need a break. I need something to break me out.	fru
M	How's the job? Still waiting tables at Denny's?	neu
F	Yeah. Unfortunately.	xxx
F	Yeah, so I go to--get an education for four years and I'm waiting tables at Denny's.	xxx
M	Well, they tip well.	neu
F	[BREATHING] Brian-	fru
F	it's not funny. I just don't know what I'm going to do.	sad
M	Maybe you could start teaching. I don't know.	neu
F	Yeah, I guess I could.	sad
M	Go back to school. You know? Another three more years, get your master's.	neu
F	Yeah	sad
M	Close to thirty. Oof, it's going to be tough.	neu
F	Thanks.	xxx
M	[LAUGHTER]	xxx
F	[BREATHING]	fru

F	Hi, my name is Shiloh, welcome to--Airline Six.  Hi, how may I help you?	neu
M	Yeah, hello.	fru
M	Ok.  I've- I've just been talking to this machine for the past half hour and I can't-can't get anything done.  I've been trying to book this vacation this entire time.	fru
F	All right, sir.	neu
M	I know, I'm sorry.  It's-It's just that it's been a little frustrating because--	fru
F	I completely understand.  Automated systems are very difficult sometimes.	neu
M	Okay.	neu
F	Um, how may I help you.  You're trying to book a specific flight?	neu
M	Well, yeah, I mean I heard there was like these package deals and that maybe I could get a like a hotel or something like that. and-	fru
F	Oh, yeah, absolutely.  You know, and especially because you've been waiting so long and I know that, um, you've been having a difficult time.	neu
F	I want to definitely give you our special package today, which um is usually only for valued customers who have a record of having previous,	neu
F	um lots of purchases, but we're gonna go ahead and give that to you anyway. uh,  Just to make sure that you're happy with your service here.	neu
M	You- You can do that--You can do that now? I don't have to get like transferred through or anything like that.	neu
F	Is that all right?	neu
F	I can do that right now for you. No, absolutely.  I can take care of you all the way through to the end.	neu
F	All I'm going to need is your credit card number but just give me one moment. So-	neu
M	[BREATHING] that's good.	neu
F	um, you're scheduling a flight as well--And you would like to, um, we have a highly discounted hotel rate that goes along with that so that everything is all in one deal.  You're taken care of by the time that you get there.	neu
M	All right.  I want to make sure it's like a nice hotel--I mean-mean I'm gonna be paying a lot of money for this so I don't wanna-I don't wanna, you know, I don't wanna to be a waste of time.	neu
F	Absolutely. we we	neu
F	Yes, I completely understand.  Actually, our-our airline only uses five star hotel and above.  Except we charge at a three star hotel rate because, as a corporation, we are able to get a deal from the hotels themselves.	neu
F	So, you will absolutely be in a high rated great hotel and we can make sure that it's in a area of town that you like as well.	neu
M	Okay. So--	neu
F	Yeah.	neu
M	Well, you know, we wanted to--we wanted to go to Maui and--That was a	neu
F	Okay.	neu
M	--you know, the kids wanna go to the beach and stuff and so--um	neu
F	Great.  How many seats?	neu
M	Well, it's gonna be four of them.	neu
F	Okay.  Great.  Four seats.  I'll book you for four seats.	neu
M	All right.  And can they like all get together?	neu
F	Oh, yeah, absolutely.  Um- Would you like window seats or aisles?	neu
M	Um- You know, window is nice. I guess	neu
F	Okay, I can do um- a win- -two like a window and a aisle and a window and an aisle next to each other so that each of you can sit two by two. And switch around maybe?	neu
M	All right, Sure.  A yeah, that- that'd be good.	xxx
F	Okay.  Great.  What time of the day would you like?	neu
M	Uh, well, yeah, I think we were just--you know, whenever best available, I guess.  You know--	neu
F	All right.  Great.  Well we have a very open flight that leaves at nine a.m. and fortunately uh the time change actually goes um backwards from that.	neu
F	So, it's a five hour flight, but you'll arrive only at eleven a clock in the morning.  So that day, you can have plenty of time to get to your hotel--Rest up and then still have a nice afternoon your first afternoon in Maui.	neu
M	And, like, there's there's shuttles or something that I can get to the hotel.	neu
F	Absolutely.  That actually goes in on the same package with our hotel.  You just give me your address.  We'll come and pick up a time that allows you to get to your flight with plenty of time to spare.	neu
F	And a there will also be a shuttle waiting for you to take you to the appropriate hotel.	neu
M	Okay.  Wow.  Sounds good then, I guess.  Thank you very much. It's a lot better than talking to a machine.	xxx
F	Yeah--I completely understand.  It's a difficult process sometimes and we want to make traveling as easy as possible.	neu
M	All right.  So we're confirmed then or do you--All right.	neu
F	Absolutely. Thank you so much for calling and we hope that you will come to us again.	neu
M	Okay.	neu
F	Thank you.	neu

F	Why did he invite her here?	xxx
M	Why does that bother you?	xxx
F	She's been in New York for three and half years.  Why all of a sudden?	xxx
M	Well, maybe he just wanted to see her again.	neu
F	Nobody comes seven hundred miles just to see.	xxx
M	What do you mean?  He lived next door to the girl all his life.  Why wouldn't he want to see her again?	neu
M	Don't look at me like that.  He didn't tell me anymore than he told you.	xxx
F	She's not-	xxx
M	How do you know he's even thinking of it?	neu
F	-he's not gonna marry her.	oth
F	It's got that all about it.	ang
M	Well, so what?	neu
F	What's going on here, Joe?	xxx
M	Now, listen Kate.	neu
F	She's not his girl, Joe.  She knows she's not.	xxx
M	You can't read her mind.	neu
F	Well then why is she still single?  I mean, New York is full of men.  Why isn't she married?  Probably a hundred people told her she's crazy, but she's waited.	fru
M	How do you know why she's waited?	neu
F	She knows what I know, that's why.  She's faithful as a rock.  In my worst moments I think of her waiting and I know again that I'm right.	fru
M	Look, it's a nice day.  What are we arguing for?	fru
F	Nobody in this house dares take her faith away, Joe?  Strangers might, but not his father, not his brother.	xxx
M	Well, what do you want me to do about it?	fru
F	I want you to act like he's coming back.  Both of you.  Don't you think I haven't noticed since she got here.  I won't stand for any nonsense.	fru
M	But Kate--	fru
F	Because if he's not coming back, I'll kill myself.  I mean, laugh--laugh at me, but...	ang
F	But why did that happen the very night she came here?  She sleeps in his room and his memorial breaks to pieces.  Just look.  Look at it.	ang
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Believe with me, Joe.  I can't stand all alone.	fru
M	Calm yourself.	fru
F	Last week, a man turned up in Detroit missing longer than Larry.  I mean, you read it yourself.	fru
M	All right.  All right.  Calm yourself.	fru
F	You, above all, have to believe.	fru
M	What?- Why- Why me above all?	xxx
F	Just--just don't stop believing.	fru
M	What does that mean?  Me above all?	ang
M	Look at you.  Look at you shaking.	ang
F	I can't help it.	fru
M	What have I got to hide?  What the hell is the matter with you Kate?	ang

F	What's he going to say?  Maybe we ought to talk to him before he sees it.	neu
M	He saw it.	sad
F	What do you mean. He couldn't have seen it. I was the first one up, he was still in bed.	sur
M	He was out there when it happened.	sad
F	When?	sur
M	About four in the morning.  I heard a crack and I looked out and he was standing right there when it happened.	sad
F	Well what was he doing out at four in the morning?	xxx
M	I don't know. But after it cracked he ran back into the house and he cried in the kitchen.	sad
F	Did you talk to him?	sad
M	No.  I figured the best thing to do was leave him alone.	sad
F	He cried hard?	sad
M	I could hear it right through the floor.	sad
F	God, what was he doing out there anyway?	xxx
F	Starting to dream about him again.  He's walking around at night again.	fru
M	I guess he is.	sad
F	He's getting just like he did after he died, you know?  What, what, what's the meaning of this?	sad
M	I don't know.  But I know one thing mom, we made a terrible mistake with dad.	sad
F	What?	xxx
M	Being dishonest with him.  That kind of thing always pays off and now it's paying off.	fru
F	What do you mean dishonest?	xxx
M	You know that Larry's not coming back and I know that too.  Why we both go on letting him think that we both believe with him.	ang
F	What are you going to do?  You want to argue with him?	xxx
M	No I don't want to argue with him but, it's time that he realizes that nobody believes Larry's coming back anymore.	fru
M	Why shouldn't he walk around and dream at him at night.  Walk around.  Why shouldn't he walk around?  Why shouldn't he dream of him, walk around at night waiting for him?  Do we contradict him?  Do we say flat out that we don't have anymore hope?	ang
M	That we haven't had any hope for years now?	ang
F	You can't say that to him.	xxx
M	We got to say it to him.	xxx
F	How are you going to prove it?  Can you prove it?	fru
M	Larry's been gone for three years.  For god sakes no one comes back after three years.  It's insane.	fru
F	To you maybe, to me, but not to your father.  I mean,	xxx
F	he still thinks he's alive still.  I mean you could talk yourself blue in the face and there's no body and there's no grave so where are you?	fru
M	Listen mom, just, sit down.  I want to talk to you.	fru
F	No.  It's his god damned newspapers is what it is.  Now every month there's a new boy comes home and Larry's going to be the next one.	ang
M	Alright. Alright. Alright just listen.	fru
M	You know why I asked Annie here, right?	neu
F	Why?	ang
M	You know.	xxx
F	Well I have an idea but I don't know.  What's the story?	xxx
M	I want to ask her to marry me.	neu
F	Well that's your business Chris.	xxx
M	You know it's not just my business.	fru
F	Well what do you want me to do?  I mean, you're old enough to know your own mind.	ang
M	Okay.  So then it's alright.  I'll go ahead with it.	neu
F	Well, I mean, you got to make sure your dad's not going--	neu
M	Oh see then it's just not my business. God you infuriate me sometimes.  Isn't my business too if dad throws a fit?  Huh?  God you have such a talent for ignoring things.	ang
F	Well I'm just saying--	fru
F	You know I ignore what I got to ignore.	xxx
F	She's not...she's Larry's girl.	xxx
M	She's not Larry's girl.	fru
F	From your father's point of view he is still alive and if you try and take her that's just not fair.  You can't do that.	fru
M	I don't know why it is but every time I reach out for something I want I have to pull back	fru
F	And-And-And if you go on from there if you know already to go on from there, then you can.  But I'm telling you something that I don't know where to go.  You got it?  I mean, do you?	fru
M	Because other people will suffer.	xxx
M	My whole entire, bloody life time and time again.	fru
F	You're a considerate fellow.  There is nothing wrong in that.	xxx
M	Well to hell with that.	ang
F	Did you ask Annie yet?	neu
M	I wanted to get this settled first.	neu
F	And what if she doesn't marry you huh?  What if she feels the same way your father does?	xxx
M	Then I guess that's the end of it.	neu
M	But from her letters I think she's forgotten him.  I'll find out.	sad
M	And then we'll thrash it out with dad right?  Mom, don't avoid me.	neu
F	Look, you never had seen many, many women.  You know?  I mean...	neu
M	Well so what?  I'm just not fast with women.	xxx
F	Well I just don't see why it has to be Annie.	fru
M	Because it is.	fru
F	Well that's a good answer but, it doesn't answer anything.  You haven't seen her since you left to go to the war and it's been five years.	xxx
M	It's just...that's just the way it is.  That's how I feel.  You know these years when I think of someone I want to marry I think of Annie.  What do you want a diagram?	fru
F	No I don't want a diagram.	fru
F	He thinks he's coming back. And you go off and marry that girl and you're just pronouncing him dead and what's going to happen to him?  I don't know.  Do you?  I mean, I don't know.	fru
M	Alright then.	fru
F	Look, just give it some thought okay?	xxx
M	I've given it three years of thought and I thought that if I waited then dad would forget about Larry and then we could have a regular wedding and everything happy.	sad
M	But if I can't have that here I'll get out.	neu
F	What the hell is this?	xxx
M	I'll get out.  I'll marry her somewhere else.  Maybe New York.	neu
F	Are you crazy?	xxx
M	I've been a good son too long.  A good sucker and I'm through with it.	ang
F	You're just going to leave the business?  You have a business here.  You can't do that.	ang
M	The business doesn't inspire me.	ang
F	Oh, you have to be inspired.	xxx
M	Yes.  I like it an hour out of the day.  If I have to grub for money all day long at least at evening I want it beautiful.  I want a family.  I want a wife.  I want some kids.  I want to build something I can give myself to.	ang
M	Now Annie is in the middle of all that.  Where do I find it?	fru
F	Tell me something.  You can leave this business?	sad
M	Yes.  On this I would.	neu
F	You can't talk like that.	xxx
M	Then help me stay here.	xxx
F	Alright but you can't talk like that you hear?	fru
F	I mean what the hell have we worked for then?  I mean, it's all for you Chris.  The whole shooting match is for you.	ang
M	I know.  Just you help me stay here.	sad
F	Alright but you don't talk like that you hear?  You don't.	fru
M	I am thinking like that.	sad
F	I don't understand you do I?	sad
M	No you don't.  I'm a pretty tough guy.	sad
F	Yeah.  I can see that.	sad

M	Check this out.  You know how I've told you I've been really into like softball recently?	exc
F	Yeah.	neu
M	Well, this is totally random, I got this full ride scholarship to go to U.S.C next year to play softball.	exc
F	[LAUGHTER]. For softball? That's unbelievable. Is it slow pitch?	exc
M	For softball.  They're going to pay me to go to school. Isn't that awesome?	exc
M	Yeah.  Well, I don't--well yeah I can pitch, I'm not like the pitcher though. I'm like the pinch hitter guy I mostly just hit.  But I guess I'm going to have to... Yeah, and then I play shortstop too but... It's so ex- The good news is I get to stay here.	exc
F	Uh huh.	xxx
F	Pinch hitting softball.	exc
F	That is incredible.	exc
F	That's amazing. They pay for everything?	exc
M	I know. For softball, yeah.	exc
F	Your housing, books, everything? That is incredible.	exc
M	Yeah, everything. Every like- free ride and I get to, you know, like be on like a Trojans sports team too. And it's like cool. Isn't it awesome?	exc
F	That is incredible. Do you get like a per diem?	exc
M	I don't know. I should ask. Yeah, I will.	hap
F	You should...You should look into that.	exc
F	That is amazing, congratulations. Good for you.	exc
M	Thank you.	exc
M	But I don't know I want to live in the housing that they give me though 'cause I think I want to you know like get like a nicer place.	exc
F	Oh.	neu
F	Yeah, that you probably. You should see one of these Victorian houses around by.	exc
M	Where should I move?	exc
M	That's a really good idea. Or I could go to like Santa Monica. Go beach. Venice beach, yeah a little dirty though. I don't want to go to Venice beach. But - Malibu. All right.	exc
F	Oh. Venice beach.	neu
F	Oh, you don't like that. You're west-sider?	exc
F	Okay. That would be way too much of a commute you can't do that. Especially- I know especially from--I don't know, what I was going to say, I don't know.	exc
M	Professional softball player Malibu. [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	From where? Huh? Well I'm from San Francisco.	xxx
F	I don't know. Commuting from what Malibu that would be ridiculous.	exc
M	Oh yeah, that would be.  Well, depends on what type of car you had, though too. I guess it would be worth it. helicopter. Yeah, helicopter.  There is a helipad there, right? Yeah, exactly.	hap
F	Oh yeah. He'd drop you right off at practice?	exc
F	Do you--are you one of those like four a clock in the morning practices?  Is it--that's more like swimming and- --ballet and things like that.	xxx
M	Yeah. I think it's in the afternoon 'cause I mean can't be too early 'cause then you can't see the ball.	xxx
F	They have those neon--softballs.  They're like day-glow you can see them anywhere.	exc
M	Yeah, but no. Well, they have a night games but you know there's more like night games they're not like morning games, you know. I guess it's kind of same thing.	xxx
F	I'm surprised you don't know that.	xxx
F	Oh. That is incredible. Is it--	neu
F	do they have a--is it a co-ed softball team?  I mean... Really? You know, I didn't even know that they have that.	exc
M	No it's all boys. All boys' softball team.	xxx
M	They do it's--believe me it's huge.	hap
F	Who do you play? Like do--are you like... nationally ranked?	exc
M	I just got into it. I just kind of fell into it. Literally I was walking around and...	exc
F	That is unbelievable.	exc
M	It's pretty wild.	hap
F	I would put that right up there with--ping-pong.	exc
M	Yeah, well I doubt [GARBAGE] ping pong [GARBAGE]	neu
F	I mean not to denigrate what you are doing.  I think that's great.	exc
M	Oh you mean it's not really sport that what you're saying?	sur
F	No, no.  I love softball. I played softball all the time.	exc
M	It's totally a sport. What are you talking about?	sur
M	What, just 'cause I don't play regular baseball doesn't mean I'm like any less of like a sports guy.	xxx
F	I am not saying you should be. I'm not no. I think it's great I think you should be incredibly proud yourself especially because you're going to U.S.C for free for doing it. For free.	exc
M	For free that's really what it's about. I mean who cares I mean if I have to play softball all the time?	exc
M	But they got to like drive around in a bus--that would suck.	xxx
F	Oh really? With the whole team?	xxx
M	Yeah we have like away games and stuff.	neu
F	What are your teammates like? I'm sure you don't know yet? What kind of people play softball?	xxx
M	They're nice.	xxx
M	Like, you know like police officers, like--kind of heavyset guys. Mustaches, yeah. It's that kind of-	xxx
F	Oh really?	xxx
F	Cool. You don't seem like you'd fit in there.	xxx
M	That kind of...They're okay.  No I'm like- I'm kind of like the odd man out I'm like...	xxx
F	Oh, cool.	xxx
M	But you know I'm like [GARBAGE].	neu
F	You're like the rookie? The new kid.	hap
M	Yeah.	xxx
F	Just watch in five years you'll be like on the force. You carry around donuts in your back pocket... [LAUGHTER]	hap
M	I'm going to have a mustache...On the force...	hap
M	Pull over..	hap

M	[BREATHING] So, you know I've been hearing back from some colleges.	xxx
F	Oh, yeah? Have you gotten letters yet?	exc
M	Yeah. And guess who accepted me?	xxx
F	Um, I don't know, where?	exc
M	U.S.C..	exc
F	Oh, U.S.C.? Oh my Gosh, that's awesome, that was your top choice, right?	sur
F	Oh my Gosh, that's so cool.	exc
M	Yeah, oh. I - You have no-	xxx
M	God, I-I got this big packet you know, in the mail and it's like-	xxx
M	yes, this is [LAUGHTER], it says U.S.C., like registrar, I mean like, I got-I got some like little letters before you know, it's like oh rejection	xxx
F	[LAUGHTER] It's gotta be it, like-	exc
F	Oh my Gosh, that's so cool.	exc
M	but big packet, big packet is nice	exc
F	big packet is gotta be the real thing. yeah	exc
M	So it's like, yes, rip it open and there it is big - oh, yes.	exc
F	Oh my Gosh. I thought there was like, maybe going to be some, like I don't know if you are going to get in or not, so I'm really glad that you did.	exc
F	That's so cool.	exc
M	Yeah. I know, I know.	exc
M	it was you know I wasn't too sure I mean you know it was kind of last minute for like the application	hap
M	and everything like but	hap
F	Yeah, totally.	exc
M	it was good, yeah. I mean-	hap
F	So you're going to be right here in Los Angeles; that is so cool.	exc
M	I know, I know, yea. It'll be interesting you know, I've never -- I mean getting out of Vegas and everything but LA	xxx
M	I'm looking forward to it.	exc
F	So can we hang out?	exc
M	Hey, yes, you know that's - that's what I'm coming for.	exc
F	Yay.	exc
M	You're half the reason I'm going. [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	Oh, yay. Thank you. [LAUGHTER].	exc
F	No but that's an awesome school. That's so cool.	hap
M	I know ahh- yeah-, I'm definitely looking forward to it, and I mean they had a great football season last year	xxx
F	Oh, totally totally.	hap
M	You know what I mean, I bet the home games, are just like nuts you know.	exc
F	you get to like be a part of that.	hap
F	Like you get to be a part of that. Like the, like the- Like a cult.	hap
M	What?	exc
M	[LAUGHTER] I know. I mean part of-	exc
F	[LAUGHTER] like a- like a- [LAUGHTER] No, but I mean like everywhere you go people know who you are.	hap
M	Yeah. Right. A cult. I'm looking forward to being in the cult.	exc
M	Right I know, like you, it won't hurt, I mean national champions last year, wow, you know	exc
M	Maybe we'll do it again this year.	exc
F	So you know what you are going to do there?	hap
M	What's that? ahh Well, you know I'm I'm thinking um I'm leaning towards like communications	hap
M	I-I don't know. Kind of a broad,	hap
F	Okay. They have a lot of good schools, right?	hap
M	yeah, I mean a lot-a lot  of good stuff oh, yeah, I mean it's- it's just a really good school; so really, whatever I pick I can't go wrong. I mean I'm just	hap
M	I'm looking forward to getting there. I mean, God, the campus is cool, you know it's like all just very confined I mean just you know it's a college campus you know it's like	hap
F	Yes, it's intimate.	hap
M	It's college- oh my God it's college, [GARBAGE] so it's like crazy.	xxx
F	I know. It's so cool.	exc
M	Oh man. So, I don't know you know, we'll see - we'll see how it goes and, yeah, I'm looking forward to it	xxx
F	Fair for you, Wow, oh my Gosh.	exc
M	I mean you got to - you got to show me the ropes 'cause I've never been there before so I mean you know your way around already and- [LAUGHTER]	exc
F	I will do the best I can.	hap
F	Well, there are all kinds of awesome secrets so you'll really enjoy it. It's really great. I'm so glad.	exc
M	Oh, alright.	hap
M	I'm-I'm looking forward to that. [BREATHING] man, So yeah, I think I'm going to come out a little early so I mean I'll give you a call and we'll definitely-	exc
F	Yay	exc
F	Okay. Yes, totally come visit	exc
F	and we'll explore and you going to have such a good time, you're going to fit in so well, it's going to be awesome	hap
M	[LAUGHTER] Thanks, yes, thanks, yes That'll be cool.	exc
F	So Congratulations. That's awesome.	hap

M	Hey.  Get out of the way.  I'm watching TV.	xxx
F	That's helpful.	neu
F	I just don't think I can do this anymore.  It's been a really long time and it's not like I'm not trying.	fru
M	Well I guess you're not trying hard enough.	neu
F	I am try-  it's been three years	fru
F	and I have gone everywhere I can think of.  I have given resumes.  I have done interviews.  I've tried to pull in favors.  I've asked everybody I know for help.  I don't know what else to do.	fru
M	Just, I don't know, maybe you're not smart enough.	neu
M	I mean I don't know just go out and keep trying. Just-	neu
M	I don't know.	neu
F	Okay but I've been trying for three years.  Three years and I haven't gotten a bite much less actually gotten hired, and I am smart enough.  Thank you very much.	fru
M	Hey.  Look, I mean- you know.	neu
F	I'm really good at what I do.  I just don't know how to make someone else see that.	ang
M	Look bananas don't grow overnight.  Okay.	neu
F	What?  Who says that?  Bananas don't grow overnight.	ang
M	You need that- Time-	neu
M	You know- You need to just- you need, I mean it takes time to get a good job.  I mean-	neu
F	Okay.  I think three years is a little excessive.	fru
M	look at me, like, you know. I mean, Hey, I- it took me, you know, like six years to get where I am now. I mean-	neu
F	Yeah but you weren't unemployed for three years trying to find any job.  I mean at this point I'm going to go drive a cab or, you know, work at the gas station or something.  I don't even- I don't know what to do anymore.	ang
M	I don't know.  I mean whatever.	fru
F	Nothing I'm trying seems to work. Just-	fru
M	Clearly.	xxx
F	Okay that's helpful.  Thanks.	xxx
M	Look I'm sorry okay. It's just-	xxx
F	Clearly everything you're doing is completely wrong.	ang
M	I mean, well I mean i don't know; it doesn't really affect my life, you know.	neu
F	Well don't you understand that this is-	fru
M	Yeah, I understand, but-	neu
F	I don't even- I mean you have to have some kind of an idea.  Something you could possibly throw out there that I could maybe use.	ang
M	I don't know. Well like, I don't know. I mean-	neu
F	I mean it's not like this is an	ang
F	extreme request.  I want to find a job.  Everybody wants to find a job. It's really not that.	ang
M	Clearly- cle- clearly you're doing something wrong.	neu
F	Okay. Okay, Fine.	ang
M	'Cause if you've been looking, you've been applying for jobs for three years. And-	neu
F	Okey So I'm doing something wrong.  What am I doing wrong?	ang
F	I'm really good at what I do.  I'm smart.  I'm trained.  I have the education.  I'm talented.  I cannot-	ang
M	Are you- I mean do you like get dressed up and everything when you go to the job interview?	neu
F	Well yeah I mean I like take a shower and stuff.	fru
M	And you like- you know, you shave your legs and everything?	neu
F	[LAUGHTER] Yeah.  Usually.	fru
M	and I want- I mean you know you've got to, like, do your hair.  I mean- I don't know, it's like,	neu
F	Yeah, I- I make my	fru
F	I make myself very presentable before I go to any kind of interview.	fru
M	you know what I mean? You know, it's like they say presentation is, like eighty percent.	neu
M	or some- some large percent of- of success.	neu
F	Uhuh. Uhuh. Yeah, yeah. Good quote.	fru
M	Because I don't know I mean just, you know, just keep- keep- keep at it.  Keep trying.  Go-	neu
F	Buck-O. That's really helpful.  Just keep chugging along.  The little engine that could.	fru
M	What do you want me to? Look, Hey look if I could- Don't get all sassy.	xxx
F	Well you- just you're doing something wrong.	ang
M	Look if I could give you a job,if I could give you a job I would but I mean I'm not in that position. I'm-	fru
F	Well maybe you could help.  I mean you've got a job.  I'm willing to look outside of my realm.  I could try something else.	fru
M	Hey, I'd love to help you but I- you don't have the kind of training that I-	neu
F	I'll get it.  I just need a job.  I don't care what it is.	fru
M	So, go to McDonalds.	fru
F	Well I mean I need to make a little bit more than the minimum wage fry flipper.	fru
M	Well you've got to start somewhere.  I mean-	neu
F	I did start somewhere.  I worked my way up.  I'm not going to start at the bottom again.	fru
M	Well you're going to have to.  You don't really have an option.  What's your problem?	fru
F	What's my problem?  What's my problem? I don't have a job.	ang
M	I don't know it's like I'm trying to be-	neu
F	I thought I was pretty clear about what the problem was.	ang
M	I'm trying to be helpful.	neu
M	I'm trying to be helpful and you're just, like, coming at me with, like, attacks.	xxx
F	Well maybe you could be a little helpful.  I mean obviously you don't have any problems so would it really take so much time out of your day to just go ahead and help somebody else.	fru
M	I'm trying to watch TV.	neu
M	I'm trying to watch TV. TV.	xxx
F	That's important.  That's really important.	fru

F	You're the only one I know that still loves his parents.	xxx
M	I know.  It sort of went out of style didn't it?	xxx
F	No.  It's alright.  It's a good thing, you know?	xxx
F	It's lovely here.	xxx
F	The air is so sweet.	xxx
M	You're not sorry you came?	neu
F	No.  I'm not sorry.  But I'm not going to stay.	sad
M	Why?	sur
F	First of all your mother so much as told me to go.	xxx
M	Well...	xxx
F	Look,	sad
F	you saw the way that she acted and then well, I mean, you, you were acting kind of...	sad
M	What?	neu
F	Well, I don't know, embarrassed of her since I came.	sad
M	Well the trouble is I was planning on sneaking up on you over a week or so and they take it for granted that we're all set.	xxx
F	Yeah.  I know they would, especially your mother.	xxx
M	How did you know?	xxx
F	Well what other reason, from her point of view, would I be coming here?	xxx
M	So, would you want to?	xxx
M	I mean, that's the reason why I asked you here.	hap
F	Well,	hap
M	Oh Annie.  I love you.  I love you a great deal.	xxx
M	I love you.	hap
F	I guess that's why I came.	hap
M	I don't...I have no imagination that's the only way I know how to tell it.	xxx
M	I'm embarrassing you.  I didn't want to tell you this here.  I wanted to drive someplace brand new where we'd be brand new to each other.  It feels wrong here don't you?	xxx
M	This yard and this chair.  I don't want to win you from anything, I want you to be ready for me.	xxx
F	Look, I've been ready for a long, long time now.	hap
M	Then he's gone forever, you sure?	xxx
F	Look, I almost got married two years ago.	hap
M	Why didn't you?	xxx
F	You started to write me.	hap
M	You felt something that far back.	hap
F	Every day since.	hap
M	Why didn't you let me know?	xxx
F	I was waiting for you Chris, I mean, till then you never wrote and then when you did what did you say?	hap
F	You'd always be so ambiguous.	hap
M	Give me a kiss Ann, just give me...	hap
M	Oh God.  Annie, I kissed Annie.  I kissed Annie.	exc
F	I'll never forgive you for that.	hap
M	How long, how long I've been waiting to do that.	xxx
F	I mean,  Why did you wait all these years?  There I was sitting around and wondering if I was crazy for thinking about you.	hap
M	We're going to live now.  I'm going to make you so happy.	hap
F	Not like that you're not.	hap
M	I kissed you.	xxx
F	Like Larry's brother.  Do it like you Chris.	xxx
M	Nothing.  Hey, let's drive somewhere.  I want to be alone with you.	sad
F	What is it?	xxx
F	No, what is it?  Your mother?	xxx
M	No, nothing, nothing like that.	xxx
F	Tell me what's wrong.  I mean, even in your letters you seemed ashamed.	xxx
M	Well, yes I guess I've been ashamed but, it's going from me.	xxx
F	You got to tell me.	xxx
M	I don't know where to start.	xxx
F	Okay.  It wouldn't work like this?	xxx
M	You remember overseas I was in command of a company?	sad
F	Yeah, sure.	xxx
M	Well I lost them.	sad
F	How many?	sad
M	Just about all.	sad
F	Geez.	sad
M	Takes a little while to toss that off cause they weren't just men.	sad
M	For instance, one time this...it had been raining several days and this one kid, he came up to me, he gave me his last pair of dry socks, put them in my pocket.	sad
M	That's just a little thing but that's the kind of guys I had.  They didn't just die, they killed themselves for each other and I mean that exactly.	sad
M	A little more selfish and they'd still be here today.  And I got this idea watching them go down.  See everything was being destroyed but there was one new thing that was being created.	sad
M	It was a kind of responsibility, man for man.  You understand me?	sad
M	And to show that and to bring that onto the earth again like some sort of monument standing right behind all of us and we could feel it and it would make a difference to him.	sad
M	And then I came here and it was incredible.  There was no meaning in it here.  The whole thing to them was a kind of bus accident.	sad
M	And I went to work with dad and that rat race again and I felt what you said, ashamed.  Somehow because nobody was changed at all.	sad
M	It seemed to make a sucker out of a lot of guys.  I felt wrong to be alive.  I felt wrong to have that new checkbook,	sad
M	open that new bank account, drive the new car and see the new refrigerator	sad
M	cause you can take those things out of the war.  But you got to know, when you drive that car that it came out of the love that a man can have for a man and you got to be a little bit better because of that.	sad
M	Otherwise what you have is loot and there's blood on it.	sad
M	And I didn't want to take any of it and I guess that included you.	sad
F	And you still feel that way?	sad
M	I want you now Annie.	xxx
F	Cause you must not feel that way again.  You hear me?  You can't.  You deserve everything you have Chris.	xxx
F	that includes me too, I mean and the money, you have right to that money.  Your father put planes up in the air, good planes and he deserves it, you should be proud of that.  A man should be paid for that.	sad
M	[GARBAGE] Annie	xxx
M	Annie I'm going to make a fortune for you.	hap
F	What am I going to do with a fortune?	hap
M	Buy some hats?	hap

M	Hey sweetie.	sad
M	Hey.	sad
F	Um.	hap
F	How's it- going?  Oh I'm so tired.  Oh, I just woke up. Mmm.	xxx
F	What's going on?	xxx
M	Uh, -Um	sad
F	Why the sad face?	hap
M	they need me out there sooner than I thought	sad
F	Where?  Who?  What are you talking about?	sur
M	They want to deploy me next week.	sad
F	Next week?	sur
F	Overseas?	xxx
M	For--	sad
F	For how long this time?	xxx
M	They said anywhere from two to three years.	sad
F	What?  What do you mean two to three years?  Don't they know that you have a wife and an expectant child?	xxx
M	I told them that but they--	xxx
F	Honey--	fru
M	--need me on the specialist honey.	fru
F	You can't.  We need you.  I need you.	fru
M	I don't want to go but,-	fru
F	I don't care about the money.	fru
M	but they said they'd increase my pay by triple-there promotion.	fru
F	And you're leaving next week so you won't even be here for Anna's birth?	xxx
M	No.	sad
F	Do this whole thing by myself?	sad
M	Honey you're not going to be by yourself--	sad
M	We'll have internet set up, we'll get web cameras and everything.  My whole family's here too.	neu
F	Carry her for nine months and then yes.	sad
M	Honey.	xxx
F	It's not the same thing.  It's not like having you here.	sad
F	I can't do this.	sad
M	You can do it.  Alright?  You can, you can be strong, you can be strong for both of us alright?	neu
F	I'm sick of being strong-- --for us.	sad
M	I don't know what to do.	sad
M	I don't want to - I don't- I don't want to go.	fru
M	What am I supposed to do?	fru
F	You can say no?	fru
M	You know I can't say no.	sad
F	You could.  You really could.  You could-- --get into another line of work.  I could start working after Anna's born?	fru
M	The last guy who said no was fired.	fru
M	I put in fifteen years in this job.	fru
F	I know.	fru
M	I'm so close.  Five more years and I retire-	fru
M	and we'll have that happy life.	fru
F	Happiness for me is having you here with me	xxx
F	and watch our child grow, see her take her first steps, her first words.	sad
M	Honey after a year I can be back.	sad
F	You said two years.	sad
M	They want me there two years but I could probably get	sad
M	maybe get some vacation-- --once it quiets down there.	sad
F	A whole year? --We're not talking about like a couple months here.  I mean this is a whole year.	sad
M	I know.  I know.  But they really need some good guys there.	sad
F	What could happen in a year?	sad
F	And this isn't the first time you know?  I mean you always...sending you off to different places and...	sad
M	Well that's the kind of work I'm in honey.	sad
F	I don't know if that's how I want to live my life.	sad
M	It's just going to be--it's going to go faster than you think.	sad
F	Joe I'm serious I don't want to have to have a little girl to tell...asking every day where's daddy, where's daddy and have to tell her that he's away--	sad
F	far away and he won't be here.	sad
M	You tell her-- [BREATHING]	sad
F	I'm done.  I can't honey.	sad
M	What do you mean?	sad
F	It's over.	sad
M	What?	sur
F	Honey I can't do it anymore.	sad
M	Are you kidding me?  No.	sur
F	I need you here.  Anna needs you.	sad
M	So I have--you want me to choose between you guys or my career?	fru
F	yeah.	sad
M	What am I going to do?	fru
F	Priorities honey, priorities.	fru
M	I want to--what am I going to do if I leave this job?	fru
F	You're smart.  You could go back to school--	fru
F	finish your Master's that you were started never finished.	fru
M	Fine.  I'll see if I can talk to them.	fru
