0	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	neutral
1	Some what ?	surprise
0	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	neutral
1	Oh , umm , no thanks .	neutral
0	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	neutral
1	No , I am ok , really .	neutral
0	Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !	neutral
1	Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?	neutral
0	I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free .	neutral
1	Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I want .	neutral
0	Yeah ?	fear
1	I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest !	neutral

0	The taxi drivers are on strike again .	neutral
1	What for ?	neutral
0	They want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .	neutral
1	It is really a hot potato .	neutral

0	We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	neutral
1	That's excellent . How have you managed that ?	neutral
0	Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	neutral
1	What does that mean exactly ?	neutral
0	Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .	neutral
1	What other sources of energy do you use ?	neutral
0	We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power .	neutral

0	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	neutral
1	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	neutral
0	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	neutral
1	Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	neutral
0	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?	neutral
1	Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?	neutral
0	Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?	neutral
1	Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	neutral
0	You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .	neutral
1	Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .	happiness
0	Oh , so do I .	neutral
1	Why don't we go for one now ?	neutral
0	Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .	happiness
1	Let's go !	happiness

0	What are your personal weaknesses ?	neutral
1	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	neutral
0	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	neutral
1	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	neutral
0	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	neutral
1	Yes , in most circumstances .	neutral
0	Are you available for travel ?	neutral
1	Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ’ s no problem for me to travel frequently .	happiness

0	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	neutral
1	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	neutral
0	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	neutral
1	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	neutral
0	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	neutral
1	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?	neutral
0	no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .	neutral
1	I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .	neutral
0	wow ! That ’ s fast ! I don ’ t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .	neutral
1	we can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .	neutral

0	So how did I do on my driving test ?	neutral
1	Do you want the truth ?	neutral
0	Of course , I do .	neutral
1	Well , you really didn't do all that well .	neutral
0	How bad did I do ?	neutral
1	To be completely honest , you failed your test .	neutral
0	How ?	neutral
1	There were a number of reasons .	neutral
0	What were they ?	neutral
1	Basically , you just can't drive .	neutral
0	Can I have another try ?	neutral
1	You can take it in a couple weeks .	neutral

0	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	neutral
1	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	neutral
0	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	neutral
1	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	neutral
0	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	neutral
1	Ah .	neutral
0	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .	neutral
1	What am I supposed to do then ?	neutral
0	A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription .	neutral
1	Thank you very much .	neutral

0	My dear , what's for supper ?	neutral
1	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	neutral
0	What about soup ?	neutral
1	Sour-peppery soup .	neutral
0	Which condiment do you use for ?	neutral
1	I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .	neutral
0	Very good , need I help you ?	happiness
1	No , don't need , I can do myself .	neutral
0	Thanks . I can watch TV now .	happiness
1	But you must cook that dinner next time .	neutral
0	Okay , I'll do it next time .	neutral

0	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	neutral
1	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	neutral
0	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	neutral
1	Things are going well with me .	neutral
0	Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .	neutral
1	Mike , I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .	neutral
0	Maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .	neutral
1	I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together .	neutral

0	Sun-set hotel . May I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room .	neutral
0	Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days .	neutral
1	Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .	neutral
0	OK , that shall be arranged .	neutral

0	Are you busy tomorrow morning ?	neutral
1	I'm free . What's up ?	neutral
0	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	neutral
1	Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .	neutral

0	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	sadness
1	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .	neutral
0	I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .	sadness
1	I'll call the lost and found office .	neutral
0	I didn't think of it.Thank you.And I do apologize for being late .	sadness

0	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?	neutral
1	Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?	neutral
0	Yes , we have one copy left .	neutral
1	Can you hold it for me ?	neutral

0	Do you have maps of downtown area ?	neutral
1	Yes , here you are .	neutral
0	How much is it ?	neutral
1	It's free of charge .	neutral
0	Thanks so much .	neutral

0	Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .	neutral
1	No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?	neutral
0	Sure , John Sandals .	neutral
1	Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?	neutral
0	My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .	neutral
1	We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?	neutral
0	Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?	neutral
1	It's $ 308 a night .	neutral
0	I have no problem with that .	neutral
1	Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?	neutral
0	Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .	neutral
1	Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?	neutral
0	No problem .	neutral
1	Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .	neutral
0	Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .	neutral
1	Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you !	happiness

0	Could I have my bill , please ?	neutral
1	Certainly , sir .	neutral
0	I'm afraid there's been a mistake .	neutral
1	I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?	neutral
0	I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6.5 dollar appears here , then again here .	neutral
1	I'll just go and check it for you , sir .	neutral

0	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	neutral
0	Anything wrong with it ?	neutral
1	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	neutral
0	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	neutral
1	Here it is .	neutral
0	Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .	neutral
1	That's very kind of you . Thank you .	happiness
0	We're sorry that this has happened , and I guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again .	neutral

0	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	neutral
1	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	neutral
0	What would the roses cost me ?	neutral
1	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	neutral
0	I like the sound of that .	happiness
1	Yes , that is today's sale price .	neutral
0	A dozen will be fine .	neutral
1	Is there anything else you'd like to get ?	neutral
0	No , thank you .	happiness
1	These roses should make your wife very happy .	happiness

0	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	neutral
0	Well , we have 6 for each room .	neutral
1	Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?	neutral
0	OK sir , please wait a minute .	neutral

0	Why'd you pull me over ?	neutral
1	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	neutral
0	I ran a red light ?	surprise
1	Yes , you did .	neutral
0	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	neutral
1	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	neutral
0	I did learn that .	neutral
1	So , then why did you speed up ?	neutral
0	I don't know what to tell you .	neutral
1	I'm going to have to write you a ticket .	neutral
0	I understand .	neutral
1	Here you go . Don't do that again .	neutral

0	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	neutral
1	Surely of course .	neutral
0	Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?	neutral
1	Sure .	neutral
0	Besides I want two copies of all the photos .	neutral

0	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	neutral
1	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	neutral
0	Would you tell me something about your family ?	neutral
1	There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .	neutral

0	I really need to start eating healthier .	neutral
1	I have to start eating better too .	neutral
0	What kind of food do you usually eat ?	neutral
1	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	neutral
0	Is that really all that you eat ?	neutral
1	That's basically it .	neutral
0	How do you stick to only those foods ?	neutral
1	Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .	neutral
0	Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?	neutral
1	I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .	neutral
0	That does sound pretty good .	happiness
1	I know it does , and that's because it is .	neutral

0	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	neutral
0	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	neutral
1	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	happiness
0	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	neutral
1	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	neutral
0	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	neutral
1	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	neutral
0	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .	neutral
1	Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?	neutral
0	Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .	happiness
1	Thanks . How much would that come to ?	happiness
0	Let me see ...	neutral

0	How are you today ?	neutral
1	Great , thanks .	happiness
0	Can I help you ?	neutral
1	I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .	neutral
0	I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .	sadness
1	Why not ?	neutral
0	You have to make an appointment first .	neutral
1	Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?	surprise
0	Is this Friday okay ?	neutral
1	Is 6 o ’ clock Friday evening okay ?	neutral
0	Yes , I will schedule you for that time .	neutral
1	Thank you very much . See you then .	happiness

0	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	neutral
1	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .	neutral
0	Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .	neutral
1	Good . Anything else ?	neutral
0	Yes , all the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy .	neutral

0	Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .	neutral
0	Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .	neutral
1	Here is five dollars .	neutral
0	Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .	neutral
1	I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .	neutral
0	Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .	neutral
1	Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?	neutral
0	Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .	neutral
1	Thank you very much .	happiness
0	You ‘ re welcome .	happiness

0	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	happiness
1	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	happiness
0	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	neutral
1	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	neutral
0	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	neutral
1	well , let's get a plate of those then .	neutral
0	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	neutral
1	I think I might have a dahl .	neutral
0	what's in a dahl ?	neutral
1	it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .	neutral
0	that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?	happiness
1	ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?	neutral
0	that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?	happiness
1	I think I'll have a beer .	neutral
0	ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?	neutral
1	I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .	neutral
0	you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !	happiness
1	what would you do without me ?	neutral

0	This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .	neutral
1	Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .	neutral

0	pompous . How may I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	neutral
0	How large a group are you expecting ?	neutral
1	Six couples .	neutral
0	Would you like to reserve a private dining room ?	neutral
1	That sounds like a good idea .	happiness
0	All right . May I have your name , Sir ?	neutral
1	My name is Ron Kollwitz .	neutral

0	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	neutral
1	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	neutral
0	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	neutral
1	Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .	happiness

0	Can you help me now ?	neutral
1	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	neutral
0	That'll be too late .	neutral
1	Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?	neutral
0	I did , but he wasn't able to either .	neutral

0	Have you got any experience in advertising ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .	neutral
0	Do you have any practical experience as a secretary ?	neutral
1	Yes , sir . I acted as a secretary in an insurance company .	neutral
0	Would you tell me the essential qualities a secretary should maintain ?	neutral
1	Well , to begin with , I would say she needs to be diligent , and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative . Finally , she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing , summary writing , keep minutes at meetings , and so on . Most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average .	neutral
0	Have you had any experience with computer ?	neutral
1	Yes , I studied in a computer training program , and can process data through the computer .	neutral
0	That's fine . What about operating the fax and duplicator ?	neutral
1	I can handle them without any trouble	neutral
0	What have you learned from jobs you have held ?	neutral
1	Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .	neutral
0	Very good .	happiness

0	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	neutral
1	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	neutral
0	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	neutral
1	I got fired .	sadness
0	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	surprise
1	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	sadness
0	What are you going to do now ?	neutral
1	I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .	neutral
0	That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?	neutral
1	Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .	neutral
0	Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .	neutral
1	I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways .	sadness

0	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?	neutral
1	I've never gotten one . Have you ?	neutral
0	I got a ticket yesterday .	neutral
1	Really ? What did you get one for ?	surprise
0	I parked in the red zone .	neutral
1	Why did you do that ?	neutral
0	I needed to get something really quick .	neutral
1	Where did you park at ?	neutral
0	At my apartment building .	neutral
1	Don't you have your own parking spot ?	neutral
0	I needed to be fast .	neutral
1	That was very lazy of you .	neutral

0	How may I help you ?	neutral
1	I ’ m having a problem .	neutral
0	What problem are you having ?	neutral
1	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	neutral
0	Do you have the statement for your card ?	neutral
1	Here it is .	neutral
0	What are the charges you ’ re referring to ?	neutral
1	The last four charges on the page .	neutral
0	I ’ m afraid we ’ re going to have to investigate these charges .	neutral
1	How long will an investigation take ?	neutral
0	I honestly don ’ t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .	neutral
1	That sounds absolutely fantastic .	happiness

0	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	neutral
1	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	neutral
0	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	neutral
1	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	neutral
0	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	neutral
1	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	neutral
0	No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them .	neutral

0	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	anger
1	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	anger
0	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .	anger
1	Banker ?	neutral
0	Yes ...	neutral
1	Can I have my $ 200 please ?	neutral
0	Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice .	happiness

0	Hi , is this Professor Clark ’ s office ?	neutral
1	This is Professor Clark speaking .	neutral
0	Hi , this is Kalina from your morning literature class .	neutral
1	Yes , what can I do for you ?	neutral
0	I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ’ t be able to come to school today .	sadness
1	My goodness ! Are you OK ?	surprise
0	I broke my leg , but it is healing .	neutral
1	How long will you be out of class ?	neutral
0	I should be able to return by next Monday .	neutral
1	Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon .	neutral

0	Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?	neutral
1	Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ’ m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !	neutral
0	I see . Let me have a look . It seems that your toilet is clogged , and that ’ s why it won ’ t flush . Let me just get my plunger . No , that ’ s not working either . I suspect that there ’ s some sort of foreign object in the pipes that ‘ s causing a blockage . That ’ s what ’ s making your toilet overflow .	neutral
1	Oh , that must be because of my four-year-old daughter . She is always flushing things down the toilet . You know how kids are .	neutral
0	Yeah , I have a little one myself . Anyway , these water pipes are really rusty , so they also should be changed . Thatcould be causing water to not drain completely , that might lead to more problems in the future . I would also suggest fixing this faucet that isn ’ t shutting off properly . I could have it all finished by today if it ’ s urgent .	neutral
1	That would be great ! Is it expensive ?	happiness
0	Let ’ s see ... I would say about eight hundred dollars .	neutral

0	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	neutral
1	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	happiness
0	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	neutral
1	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	sadness
0	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	neutral
1	You need a babysitter .	neutral
0	Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .	neutral
1	I could have Suzy stay at my place .	neutral
0	I don't want to do that to you , Karen .	neutral
1	Why not ?	neutral
0	Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .	neutral
1	I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .	neutral
0	I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .	neutral
1	I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .	neutral
0	I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older .	happiness
1	I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .	neutral
0	Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free .	happiness

0	Good evening . What'll you have ?	neutral
1	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?	neutral
0	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?	neutral
1	A draft beer please .	neutral
0	OK . Here you are .	neutral
1	Could I have some fruit ?	neutral
0	Of course . Wait for a moment , please .	happiness

0	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	neutral
1	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	neutral
0	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	happiness
1	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	happiness
0	How are you getting along with your business ?	neutral
1	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	neutral
0	I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .	neutral

0	By the way miss , where is the toilet ?	neutral
1	Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .	sadness
0	What ? Oh , what we live ! Thank you very much for your help , miss .	surprise
1	You are welcome .	happiness

0	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	neutral
1	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	neutral
0	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	neutral
1	it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .	neutral
0	can I buy stamps here ?	neutral
1	sure . How many would you like ?	neutral
0	I need 30 for my Christmas cards .	neutral
1	are you sending them abroad ?	neutral
0	twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .	neutral
1	do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .	neutral
0	no .	neutral
1	ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .	neutral
0	and the bubble wrap ?	neutral
1	that ’ s another quid .	neutral
0	thanks a lot . You ’ Ve been very helpful .	happiness

0	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	happiness
1	I am cooking now !	neutral
0	Are you good at cooking ?	neutral
1	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	neutral
0	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	neutral
1	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	neutral
0	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	neutral
1	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	neutral
0	I have the same idea as yours .	neutral
1	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	neutral
0	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	happiness
1	Thank you for your praise .	happiness
0	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	neutral
1	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	neutral
0	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	neutral
1	Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .	neutral
0	Thanks a lot .	happiness
1	It's my pleasure .	happiness

0	Room service.What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning .	anger
0	Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one.Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ?	neutral
1	Yes , I ordered the express service .	neutral
0	Sir , we are terribly sorry for that.We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right ?	neutral
1	That's fine .	neutral

0	I'd like you to do me a favor .	neutral
1	What is it ?	neutral
0	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .	neutral
1	Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .	happiness

0	Excuse me , may I help you ?	neutral
1	Would you please fill some gas for me ?	neutral
0	Sure . Which kind of gas do you want ?	neutral
1	Unleaded , please .	neutral
0	OK .	neutral

0	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	neutral
1	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	neutral
0	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	neutral
1	All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .	neutral
0	A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .	neutral
1	Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .	neutral
0	I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .	neutral
1	So do I .	neutral

0	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	neutral
1	I haven't seen her yet .	neutral
0	I think that she is very pretty .	neutral
1	Tell me how she looks .	neutral
0	She's kind of short .	neutral
1	What height is she ?	neutral
0	She's probably about five feet .	neutral
1	That's nice , but tell me what she looks like .	neutral
0	The first thing I noticed was her beautiful brown eyes .	neutral
1	I think I might've bumped into her before .	neutral
0	Are you telling me that you've seen her before ?	neutral
1	I believe so .	neutral

0	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	neutral
0	You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .	happiness
1	Can I return the car in San Francisco ?	neutral
0	San Francisco ? No , sir.We only have this office here . You will have to return it here .	neutral
1	Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities .	surprise
0	No , sir . That's only with the very big companies . I'm sorry , but this car must be returned to this lot .	neutral
1	Well , I guess I will have to drive back down then . Hmm . I didn't think of that .	neutral
0	Do you still want the car , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes . It will be fun . Driving back down the coast . My girlfriend will like it .	happiness
0	It's a beautiful drive .	happiness
1	Where are the keys ?	neutral
0	Just a moment , sir . We have to finish filling out the forms .	neutral

0	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .	neutral
1	Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it .	happiness

0	Look at the show on TV . I am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . I really want to eat at that restaurant . I am a seafood lover .	neutral
1	Speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . Let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood .	neutral
0	Sound great . Let's go !	happiness
1	Look at the crystal clear fridge . You can see so many kinds of seafood in it . They all look very fresh and delicious .	neutral
0	True . I would like to have some salmon sashimi and a roast salmon head .	neutral
1	You sound like a seafood expert . I would like to have some stir-fried squids and steamed shrimps .	neutral
0	You are not too bad as well . I also want to have a steamed lobster . It is really taste like heaven .	neutral
1	Let's go into the restaurant and find a table to order some food .	neutral
0	Wait . Let me tell the lady what we would like to order in front of the seafood fridge first .	neutral
1	OK . I will wait for you inside the restaurant	neutral
0	Do you think we should try some deep fried oysters ?	neutral

0	Where do you want to go ?	neutral
1	I'm going to the hospital .	neutral
0	Get in . I'll take you .	neutral
1	About how much will it cost ?	neutral
0	It will cost you $ 10 .	neutral
1	By the way , what's the time ?	neutral
0	You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .	neutral
1	It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?	neutral
0	Certainly .	neutral

0	You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual .	neutral
1	Where was it from ?	neutral
0	It was made in Jingdezhen .	neutral
1	Jingdezhen ? Isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' ?	neutral
0	You are right .	neutral
1	This is the very thing I've been dreaming of .	happiness
0	It is the best quality porcelain-the famous egg-shell China .	neutral
1	It must be most precious .	happiness
0	But it is really worth the price .	neutral

0	Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ?	neutral
1	Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .	neutral
0	Oh , Would you do me a favor ?	neutral
1	Yes ?	neutral
0	Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .	neutral
1	Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?	neutral
0	Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .	neutral
1	Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .	neutral
0	Thanks .	happiness
1	you are welcome .	happiness

0	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	neutral
1	Alright .	neutral
0	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	fear
1	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	neutral
0	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	anger
1	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .	neutral
0	It really hurts .	neutral
1	Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?	neutral
0	To hell with you . The accident was your fault .	anger
1	I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?	neutral
0	To hell with you .	anger

0	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	neutral
1	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	neutral
0	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	neutral
1	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?	neutral
0	Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless .	neutral
1	What about the performance itself ?	neutral
0	Oh , it's a reserved opera named The Monkey Creates Havoc in Heaven .	neutral
1	Wow , a story about the clever Monkey King . It's a classic and children's favorite .	neutral
0	It surely is . And the cast is really the best .	neutral
1	Wonderful ! How much is the ticket ?	happiness
0	The price varies according to the seats . 300 for the front , 200 for the middle , and 50 for the back .	neutral

0	All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?	neutral
1	Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .	neutral
0	I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00	neutral
1	That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?	neutral
0	Perhaps one year , I'm not sure .	neutral

0	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	neutral
1	French dressing , please .	neutral
0	I beg your pardon ?	neutral
1	Oh , French dressing .	neutral
0	Sorry , it's not available now.Anything else ?	neutral
1	We still prefer French dressing .	neutral

0	Could I have some fish ?	neutral
1	Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?	happiness
0	Oh , spinach , I think .	neutral
1	Fine , And what about something to drink ?	neutral
0	Just a beer , please .	neutral
1	Good . Thank you.sir .	happiness
0	Would you like to have some more beer ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . I ' Ve had enough . I'll have my bill , please .	happiness
0	Of course . Please wait a moment . I'll go and get it .	neutral
1	Thank you .	happiness

0	Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ?	neutral
1	Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .	neutral
0	Yeah , that's very important .	neutral
1	So you ’ d better explore the place the day before and at the same time , look around to see what the employees are wearing . So the next day you will arrive early for the appointment .	neutral
0	I ’ ll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer .	neutral
1	That ’ s right . You need to create a good image in a limited time , usually about 30 to 45 minutes .	neutral
0	It ’ s always easier to say something than to do it .	neutral
1	It ’ s not too difficult to make a good impression . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . Avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style . This will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications .	neutral
0	But I love wearing T-shirts and jeans .	neutral
1	I advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview . Informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes .	neutral
0	It ’ s a pity that I cannot afford more expensive clothes .	neutral
1	You misunderstood me . Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous .	neutral
0	I know what you mean . I ought to wear right clothes at the right time .	neutral
1	You got it . Only in this way can you gain the respect of the interviewer and his confidence in your judgement .	neutral
0	It seems that ' clothes make the man ' .	neutral
1	It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior .	neutral

0	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	neutral
1	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	neutral
0	It better be more than last year .	neutral
1	Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .	neutral

0	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .	neutral
1	What a pity !	neutral
0	If you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day ?	neutral
1	That's OK .	neutral

0	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	neutral
1	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	neutral
0	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	neutral
1	It's NX567822100007 .	neutral
0	Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .	neutral
1	OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?	neutral
0	No problem . I'll be in touch as soon as it comes in .	neutral

0	May I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?	neutral
0	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?	neutral
1	I would prefer the first one .	neutral
0	Sure . We have a one-day trip along the river . It's quite beautiful .	neutral

0	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	neutral
1	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	neutral
0	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	neutral
1	OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?	neutral
0	Just that in effect , a basic Letter of Credit is a financial contract between the bank , the bank's customer , and the beneficiary , and this contract involves the transfer of goods or services against funds .	neutral
1	That sounds fine , thanks for that . Let's go ahead !	happiness

0	911 emergency . What is the problem ?	neutral
1	I would like to report a break-in .	neutral
0	When was this break-in ?	neutral
1	I believe it happened last night .	neutral
0	Where was the break-in ?	neutral
1	It happened at my house .	neutral
0	Was anything stolen ?	neutral
1	I haven't checked yet .	neutral
0	Why do you think there was a break-in ?	neutral
1	My front window was broken .	neutral
0	We'll send a squad car shortly .	neutral
1	I'd appreciate that .	neutral

0	Excuse me . How much is the chocolate bar ?	neutral
1	One dollar .	neutral
0	So , I can have five for five dollars ?	neutral
1	Actually , you can only have four .	neutral
0	Oh , yeah . I forgot tax . Give me four then , please .	neutral
1	Okay . Thanks .	neutral

0	House keeping.May I come in ?	neutral
1	Come in please .	neutral
0	Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?	neutral
1	Well , since you have come , do it now please ?	neutral
0	That's all . Have a nice stay here .	neutral
1	Thank you.Please get some soap for us .	neutral
0	Just a moment . I will do it right now .	neutral

0	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	neutral
1	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	neutral
0	My daughter ’ s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ’ m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ’ ll be about two hours late .	neutral

0	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	neutral
1	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	neutral
0	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	neutral
1	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	neutral
0	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	neutral
1	Then tell me something about your background .	neutral
0	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	neutral
1	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	neutral
0	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	neutral
1	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	neutral
0	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .	neutral
1	Have you got anything to ask me ?	neutral
0	Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?	neutral
1	Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .	neutral
0	I see . This is my advantage .	neutral
1	Good . Have you got any other questions ?	neutral
0	No .	neutral
1	Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .	neutral
0	Thank you , bye-bye .	neutral

0	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	neutral
1	Can you take he away from me ?	disgust
0	I ’ m just coming for that .	neutral
1	She kept bothering me .	neutral
0	She ’ s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ’ t you be good to her ?	neutral
1	But I am her brother , not her servant .	neutral

0	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ?	neutral
1	Maybe you should look around for an outlet .	neutral
0	That is a wonderful idea .	happiness
1	Outlets have more reasonable prices .	neutral
0	Thank you for your help .	happiness
1	No problem . Good luck	happiness

0	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?	happiness
1	The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?	neutral
0	Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?	neutral
1	They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .	neutral
0	Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !	surprise
1	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .	neutral
0	Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !	neutral
1	They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?	happiness
0	Are they from Taiwan ?	neutral
1	They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .	neutral
0	OK . I'll take four kiwis .	neutral

0	Amelia , could you spare a few minutes ?	neutral
1	sure . What do you need ?	neutral
0	well , I wanted to let you know that I've put in my notice .	neutral
1	really ? Why ?	surprise
0	it's complicated . But basically it boils down to one thing . This company is downsizing and I can't continue working for a company that may let me go .	neutral
1	but surely they won't fire you ! You're one of the most experienced managers here !	surprise
0	well , to be honest , there's another reason . I've got a better offer .	neutral
1	well that's great news ! Congratulations ! Where will you be located ?	happiness
0	the head office is in New York , but I'll be dealing with overseas companies and flying to this side of the world from time to time .	neutral
1	it'll be sad to see you go , but it sounds like you're found yourself a great opportunity .	neutral
0	I have . I feel lucky . I look forward to dealing with overseas companies and at the same time having a chance to use English more .	neutral
1	I'm sorry to bring this up , but would it be possible for you to write me a letter of recommendation before you go ?	neutral
0	of course I can . In fact , if there are other job opportunities at this new company , I'll recommend you personally .	happiness
1	thanks . I appreciate that .	happiness

0	What can I show you ?	neutral
1	Do you have this shirt in a small ?	neutral
0	Let me check . Yes , we have .	neutral
1	May I try it on ?	neutral
0	Sure . Let me help you .	happiness

0	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	neutral
1	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	neutral
0	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .	neutral
1	Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ’ s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory .	sadness

0	I wonder whether I could possibly borrow your new bicycle now .	neutral
1	Sorry , I'm using it myself.But you can use it this afternoon .	neutral
0	Thank you very much .	happiness

0	Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan .	happiness
1	Don't mention it , let's go in .	neutral
0	Yeah , this place looks great . Wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she ?	neutral
1	She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie ?	neutral
0	A little , I wish I could do that .	neutral
1	You can ! With a little practice .	neutral
0	Look at him , he's buff .	neutral
1	I think he's hot too .	neutral
0	How do they all get in such tiptop shape ?	neutral
1	Exercised over and over . Exercise is a key .	neutral
0	That's it . I decided to turn over a new leaf . I'm going to exercise every single day .	neutral
1	Good for you , Leslie !	happiness

0	Excuse me . Check please .	neutral
1	OK , how was everything ?	neutral
0	Very nice . Thank you .	happiness
1	Would you like this to-go ?	neutral
0	Yes , can you put it in a plastic bag ?	neutral
1	Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars .	neutral
0	Do you take credit cards ?	neutral
1	Yes , we accept Visa and MasterCard .	neutral
0	OK , here you are .	neutral
1	Thanks . I'll be right back .	neutral
0	OK .	neutral
1	Here's your receipt .	neutral
0	Thank you .	happiness
1	You're welcome . Please come again .	happiness

0	You look upset , anything wrong ?	neutral
1	I'm going to quit the job .	neutral
0	Why ?	neutral
1	The task is tough .	neutral
0	You'd look before you leap .	neutral
1	Thanks for your concern .	neutral

0	How long will you stay in New York ?	neutral
1	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	neutral
0	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .	neutral
1	Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .	neutral
0	That's right . It's over there .	neutral

0	Eat some more .	neutral
1	No , thanks . I'm on a diet .	neutral

0	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	neutral
1	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	neutral
0	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	neutral
1	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .	neutral
0	Thanks a lot .	happiness
1	Not at all .	happiness

0	I'm sorry I'm late .	sadness
1	Better late than never .	neutral

0	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	neutral
1	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	neutral
0	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	neutral
1	Oh , good . How old is your niece ?	happiness
0	She is eight . Actually , I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift .	neutral
1	It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good .	neutral

0	Hello ?	neutral
1	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	neutral
0	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	neutral
1	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	neutral
0	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	neutral
1	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .	neutral
0	All right , I ’ ll leave her the message , Mary . Thanks for calling .	neutral
1	Thank you . Bye .	neutral
0	Goodbye .	neutral

0	Do you speak English ?	neutral
1	Yes , a little .	neutral
0	Can you tell me how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?	neutral
1	I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ?	neutral

0	How do you get road news ?	neutral
1	I've a driver mate in my car !	neutral
0	So you have all the news on broadcast ?	neutral
1	Yes , it's so helpful .	happiness

0	Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?	neutral
0	Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream ?	neutral
1	No , thanks .	neutral

0	I'd like to make an appointment with Dr.Cooper.Could you arrange it for me ?	neutral
1	Yes.Would tomorrow morning be all right with you ?	neutral
0	Sorry , I've got a meeting from nine to ten.What about Monday afternoon ?	neutral
1	I'm afraid he's fully engaged.Could you make it another time ?	neutral

0	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	neutral
1	I'm just shopping .	neutral
0	What are you shopping for ?	neutral
1	Some new clothes . How about you ?	neutral
0	Same here .	neutral
1	Have you found anything nice yet ?	neutral
0	I found a few pairs of pants .	neutral
1	Where'd you get those ?	neutral
0	I found them at JC Pennies .	neutral
1	Those are really cute .	neutral
0	Do you want me to show you where I found them ?	neutral
1	I would like that . Thank you .	happiness

0	Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ?	neutral
1	Yes , speaking .	neutral
0	I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?	neutral
1	No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours .	neutral

0	I need help with the office party .	neutral
1	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	neutral
0	I have no idea what the entertainment should be .	neutral
1	Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?	neutral
0	Let's make it a formal affair .	neutral
1	Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ?	neutral
0	American food would be the best choice .	neutral
1	That would be great . What kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music ?	neutral
0	We should bring in a really good DJ .	neutral
1	That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday .	neutral

0	Help ! Help !	neutral
1	What's the matter ?	neutral

0	What would you like to eat , sir ?	neutral
1	Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .	neutral
0	Would you care for some lemon for your tea ?	neutral
1	No , thank you .	happiness

0	Where's the toilet ?	neutral
1	Over there .	neutral

0	Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it .	neutral
1	Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low .	neutral
0	But there are only two more days until the bidding closes !	fear
1	I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !	happiness
0	Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .	neutral
1	Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .	happiness
0	Well ... guess how low the bidding starts on the tennis racket ?	neutral

0	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?	neutral
1	Pots and pans are right over there .	neutral
0	Oh , thank you .	happiness
1	Could I interest you in our store credit card ?	neutral
0	No , thanks . I already have credit cards .	neutral
1	But our credit card saves you 10 percent .	neutral
0	That's a nice discount .	happiness
1	Here . Let me give you an application form .	neutral
0	Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .	happiness
1	Okay . Enjoy your browsing .	happiness

0	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ?	neutral
1	I'm allergic to these things , you know .	neutral
0	Sorry , I forgot . I don ’ t like seafood , neither .	sadness
1	Let ’ s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .	neutral
0	Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ’ Ve got enough food . Let ’ s go over to the check-out stand .	neutral
1	OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .	neutral

0	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	neutral
1	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	neutral
0	Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	neutral
1	Yes , how can I help you ?	neutral
0	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	sadness
1	Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .	surprise
0	I have a concussion , but I will be OK .	neutral
1	How much school will you miss ?	neutral
0	I only need to take this week off .	neutral
1	I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ’ t be in class . See you next week !	neutral

0	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	neutral
1	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	neutral
0	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ?	neutral
1	Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .	neutral
0	Great .	neutral

0	How come it is slow as a snail today ?	anger
1	You mean the network connection ?	neutral
0	Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click .	neutral
1	I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .	neutral
0	Ok .	neutral

0	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	neutral
1	Dad , I have to do my homework .	neutral
0	No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?	neutral
1	Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .	neutral
0	Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .	neutral
1	I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school .	neutral

0	What's wrong with you , young man ?	neutral
1	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	neutral
0	Do you have a fever ?	neutral
1	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	neutral
0	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	neutral
1	Do you think I should lie in bed ?	neutral
0	Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .	neutral
1	OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?	neutral
0	Of course not . You need a good rest .	neutral
1	OK , I'll listen to you .	neutral

0	I want something sweet after dinner .	neutral
1	What do you have in mind ?	neutral
0	A dessert sounds nice .	neutral
1	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	neutral
0	I want to get some pie .	neutral
1	What kind of pie do you want ?	neutral
0	I have no idea .	neutral
1	Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?	neutral
0	Sure , what kind do you like ?	neutral
1	I love apple pie .	neutral
0	Oh , I love apple pie too .	neutral
1	There you go . Problem solved .	happiness

0	Let's go now .	neutral
1	I'll be with you in a minute .	neutral

0	May I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?	neutral
0	Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .	neutral
1	What kinds of currency do you change ?	neutral
0	We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .	neutral
1	Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?	neutral
0	The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .	neutral
1	I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .	neutral
0	Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral

0	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	neutral
1	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	neutral
0	Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	anger
1	Oh , I'm sorry about that .	neutral
0	Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?	anger
1	Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .	neutral
0	Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .	neutral
1	I'll certainly look into that .	neutral
0	Thank you . Goodbye .	neutral

0	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	neutral
1	Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?	neutral
0	I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .	neutral
1	I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .	neutral
0	Is there a price reduction ?	neutral
1	We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down .	neutral
0	How much is that one ?	neutral
1	It's two hundred and eighty dollars .	neutral
0	OK . I'll take it . Thank you .	happiness

0	Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	neutral
0	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	neutral
1	Mostly cassette tapes .	neutral
0	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	neutral
1	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	surprise
0	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	neutral
1	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	neutral
0	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	surprise
1	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .	neutral
0	Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often ?	neutral
1	Well . No , I didn't clean it.But still , I only had the last one two months , and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse .	neutral
0	Alright . Well . We have many units without auto-reverse.Here is a good unit . Very reliable.It has an AM / FM band , built-in microphone , recording capability , and no auto-reverse .	neutral
1	How much is it ?	neutral
0	This one sells for $ 39.99 .	neutral
1	Can I test it out ?	neutral
0	Of course .	happiness
1	It sounds great . I'll take it .	happiness
0	Fine . I think you'll be happy with it . It's a very good unit . Very reliable . I'll go get you a new one in a box . I will be back in just a moment .	happiness
1	Thanks .	happiness

0	Tell me about yourself .	neutral
1	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	neutral
0	What type of position are you looking for ?	neutral
1	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	neutral
0	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	neutral
1	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	neutral
0	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	neutral
1	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	neutral
0	What is your greatest strength ?	neutral
1	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	neutral
0	What is your greatest weakness ?	neutral
1	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	neutral
0	Why do you want to work for our company ?	neutral
1	After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .	neutral
0	When can you begin ?	neutral
1	Immediately .	neutral

0	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	neutral
1	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	neutral
0	What are they ?	neutral
1	They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .	neutral
0	And what is the most important point ?	neutral
1	You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .	neutral

0	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	neutral
1	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	neutral
0	We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .	neutral
1	That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .	neutral

0	This house is not looking all that great from here	neutral
1	You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside .	neutral
0	I don ’ t think that it is looking any better inside here .	neutral
1	I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .	neutral
0	It is just too dark in here with so few windows .	neutral
1	I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out .	neutral
0	The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ’ t have any storage space .	neutral
1	The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .	neutral
0	How many dogs live in this house ?	neutral
1	I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ’ s go look at another house .	neutral

0	Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course .	neutral
1	Have you decided what wine you would like ?	neutral
0	I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .	neutral
1	I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .	neutral
0	That's great , bring me a bottle of that please .	neutral

0	Come on ! It's time to go !	neutral
1	Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?	neutral
0	Well , I've got to stop and get gas in the car , first .	neutral
1	That won't take long .	neutral
0	Well , it won't if there no line at the pump .	neutral
1	Well , I'm not quite ready .	neutral
0	I'll give you five more minutes , then I'm going on without you !	anger
1	You wouldn't do a thing like that !	neutral
0	Oh , yes , I would !	anger

0	I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?	neutral
1	Engaged ? She ’ s married .	surprise
0	Johnny , I wish you ’ d stop reaching for things . Haven ’ t you a tongue ?	neutral
1	Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .	neutral

0	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	neutral
1	Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?	neutral
0	I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .	neutral
1	It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .	neutral
0	Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?	neutral
1	No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?	neutral
0	No , that's about it for now . Thanks .	neutral
1	Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening .	neutral

0	Have you seen our new packing specifications ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .	neutral

0	I'm really in a flap about the interview .	fear
1	Take it easy.you ' Ve made enough preparations .	neutral
0	I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes .	fear
1	I'm sure you'll pass it .	neutral

0	Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?	neutral
1	Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .	neutral
0	I guess I need all of them .	neutral
1	Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .	neutral
0	I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .	neutral
1	Suit yourself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock .	neutral

0	May I know where you are going ?	neutral
1	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	neutral
0	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	neutral
1	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	neutral
0	Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . The bus stop is right there .	neutral
1	Thank you very much .	happiness
0	My pleasure .	happiness

0	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?	neutral
1	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .	neutral
0	But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK .	neutral
1	Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .	neutral
0	I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .	neutral
1	By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?	neutral
0	I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .	neutral
1	Let ’ s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .	neutral
0	Thank you , darling .	happiness

0	Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair .	neutral
1	How tall is this building ?	neutral
0	It stands 320m ( 1050ft ) high and held the record as the world's tallest structure until 1930 .	neutral
1	I have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?	neutral
0	Yes , the towel was named after its designer Gustave Eiffel .	neutral

0	Good afternoon ! Trans Pacific Airline . How can I help you ?	neutral
1	I ’ m calling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis . Could you please make it for the same flight on August 2 instead of July 19 ?	neutral
0	What ’ s your name , please ?	neutral
1	My name is Judy Wang .	neutral
0	How do you spell your name , please ?	neutral
1	My first name is J-U-D-Y , and my last name is W-A-N-G .	neutral
0	Please note that this ticket has a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .	neutral
1	It ’ s OK . Where should I pay for the penalty ?	neutral
0	At the airport . OK , Miss . Wang , your Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis is canceled . Your new reservation is Trans Pacific Flight 8 from Taipei to Minneapolis at 9 thirty a . m . on August 2 .	neutral
1	That ’ s 1POJ7403 .	neutral
0	That ’ s correct .	neutral
1	Thank you !	neutral
0	Is there anything else I can do for you ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . I ’ m all set . Good-bye .	neutral

0	Is this supply ?	neutral
1	Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?	neutral
0	This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .	neutral
1	All right . No problem . What ’ s your extension ?	neutral

0	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .	neutral
1	Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?	neutral
0	He is short , well-built , and he ’ s got light blond hair .	neutral
1	Is there anything else ?	neutral
0	He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .	neutral
1	How old is he ?	neutral
0	He is in his late thirties .	neutral
1	Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?	neutral
0	At 2 thirty .	neutral

0	What can I get for you today ?	neutral
1	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	neutral
0	Would you like cheese on that ?	neutral
1	No , thank you .	neutral
0	Would you like a drink ?	neutral
1	Let me have a soda .	neutral
0	What kind of soda would you like ?	neutral
1	May I have a Sprite , please ?	neutral
0	Sure , no problem .	neutral
1	I would also like a bag of chips .	neutral
0	Will that be all ?	neutral
1	That's everything .	neutral

0	Please tell me something about your insurance background .	neutral
1	I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .	neutral
0	Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?	neutral
1	I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .	neutral
0	Do you have any work experience in promotion ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .	neutral
0	Do people respond well to you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'm good with people .	neutral

0	Ah , here we are .	neutral
1	This is the place I was telling you about .	neutral
0	Would you like to sit near the window ?	neutral
1	Good .	happiness
0	Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?	neutral
1	Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either .	neutral

0	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	neutral
1	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	neutral
0	¥ 350 .	neutral
1	Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?	neutral
0	Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period .	neutral
1	It ’ s still too much . Can ’ t you make it any cheaper than that ?	neutral
0	Sorry , but this is the best price . You can ’ t get it any cheaper than here .	sadness
1	I see . Can I pay by traveler ’ s checks ?	neutral
0	I'm afraid you can ’ t . You ’ re welcome to pay in cash .	sadness

0	Do you have a free moment ?	neutral
1	Sure . What do you need ?	neutral
0	I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?	neutral
1	Well , first you have to turn this switch on .	neutral
0	Silly me .	sadness
1	Now press this button .	neutral
0	Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?	neutral
1	Just a second . I'll go get some .	neutral

0	I need help using the washer and dryer .	neutral
1	Tell me what the problem is .	neutral
0	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	neutral
1	Do you have some quarters ?	neutral
0	I didn't know I needed change .	neutral
1	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	neutral
0	Where do I put the change ?	neutral
1	The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .	neutral
0	Is that everything that I have to do ?	neutral
1	That's all there is .	neutral
0	I appreciate you helping me with this .	happiness
1	If you need anything else , just let me know .	neutral

0	Do you have any questions ?	neutral
1	Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ?	neutral
0	Yes , after you ’ Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation	neutral
1	Only three days ?	surprise
0	That's the company policy .	neutral
1	What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ’ m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?	neutral
0	Yes . That's the company policy .	neutral
1	It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ’ d be different .	sadness

0	I am absolutely famished .	neutral
1	Yeah . I am too .	neutral
0	Where did you want to go for lunch ?	neutral
1	I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	neutral
0	I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria .	neutral
1	I actually like the food there .	happiness
0	Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	neutral
1	They have anything you want .	neutral
0	I was thinking about getting some Chinese food .	neutral
1	I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .	happiness
0	We can eat at the cafeteria .	neutral
1	I think you'll really like the food there .	happiness

0	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	neutral
1	That's OK .	neutral
0	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	neutral
1	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral
1	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	neutral
0	That's a good idea .	neutral
1	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	neutral
0	Agreed .	neutral
1	For shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . So would you allow us to make partial shipments .	neutral
0	I understand your position .	neutral

0	I want to buy a black suit .	neutral
1	Certainty.Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?	neutral
0	I prefer single breasted suit .	neutral
1	What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .	neutral
0	That looks great . Do you have ties here ?	neutral

0	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	happiness
1	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	happiness
0	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	neutral
1	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	neutral
0	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .	neutral
1	That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .	neutral
0	That's true . But if you understand that quality is the most important aspect of a product , you'll agree that 679 is not high , especially when we allow you a 10 % discount .	neutral
1	I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?	neutral
0	Well , considering the quantity of your order we could further reduce the price to 600 . That's the best we can do . What do you think of that ?	neutral
1	All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set .	neutral
0	Very well . Thank you .	neutral

0	Don't I know you ?	neutral
1	I'm not sure.You look familiar .	neutral
0	You're Mr.Stevenson , right ?	neutral
1	Yes.And you're Mr.Jones , I remember .	neutral

0	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	neutral
1	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	neutral
0	When we have the final results , we will call you .	neutral
1	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	neutral
0	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	neutral
1	But if I don't pass , will you call me ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful .	neutral
1	Then do I have the chance to get this job ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself , and I have to discuss it with other interviewers .	neutral
1	I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation .	neutral
0	Your mentality is very good and that's great .	happiness
1	Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview .	happiness
0	My pleasure .	happiness

0	I have a stomachache .	neutral
1	Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest .	neutral
0	All right . I'll do that .	neutral

0	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	neutral
1	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	neutral
0	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?	neutral
1	I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .	neutral
0	What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?	neutral
1	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .	neutral
0	What kind of people do you like to work with ?	neutral
1	People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .	neutral

0	I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this .	happiness
1	Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so .	neutral

0	Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ?	neutral
1	Yes . I was president of the Student Council of our university .	neutral
0	Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?	neutral
1	Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years .	neutral
0	Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?	neutral
1	Yes . I was a member of the Student Poetry Society . I like writing poems in my spare time .	neutral
0	What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?	neutral
1	I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .	neutral

0	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	neutral
1	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?	neutral
0	Lower level employees need not attend . The purpose of this retreat is for training , especially for our management team . We want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level . In order to get everyone to jell together , we've got to include some fun . That's the reason for the retreat .	neutral

0	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	neutral
1	Why ?	neutral
0	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	neutral
1	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	neutral
0	I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .	neutral
1	You should try swimming then . It helps you to keep fit .	neutral

0	We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	neutral
1	I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .	neutral
0	How are your typing and shorthand skills ?	neutral
1	I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute .	neutral

0	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?	neutral
1	Yes . When can I get them back ?	neutral
0	Well , if they are collected right now , you can get them back tonight .	neutral
1	That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .	neutral
0	OK . Please fill in the form first .	neutral

0	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	neutral
1	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	neutral
0	And what's the cause of that ?	neutral
1	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	neutral
0	But I can't just slow down .	neutral
1	You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .	neutral
0	You mean I've got to lose weight ?	neutral
1	Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .	neutral

0	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	neutral
1	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	neutral
0	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	neutral
1	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	neutral
0	Do you do the same exercises every day ?	neutral
1	No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .	neutral
0	Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?	neutral
1	It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .	neutral
0	Oh , yes . Singing is also a good way of keeping fit , at least mentally .	neutral

0	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	neutral
1	I think Pond's is the best .	happiness
0	And they're very dear , too .	happiness
1	They're on special offer today .	neutral
0	Oh , that's ideal .	happiness

0	Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ?	neutral
1	First , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . Most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight .	neutral
0	I will go to bed early tonight .	neutral
1	Do you have an airsickness ?	neutral
0	I don't know . But I have a carsickness .	neutral
1	You'd better bring some medicine for airsickness .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral

0	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	neutral
1	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	neutral
0	Either way is good for me .	happiness
1	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	neutral
0	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	neutral
1	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	neutral
0	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	neutral
1	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	neutral
0	I would like to see as many as possible .	neutral
1	When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .	neutral

0	Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ?	neutral
1	Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?	neutral
0	The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?	neutral
1	$ 300 .	neutral
0	We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral

0	What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong .	anger
1	What do you mean ?	neutral
0	Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ’ t like your way .	anger

0	Mom , when you come home , please buy a coat , a skirt , a sweater ...	neutral
1	Enough is enough . I know .	neutral

0	Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke ?	neutral
1	I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .	neutral

0	Good morning , can I help you ?	neutral
1	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	neutral
0	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	neutral
1	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	neutral
0	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes , that ’ s right .	neutral
0	Is there anything else , sir ?	neutral
1	No , that ’ s all .	neutral
0	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	neutral
1	Just put it on the table please .	neutral
0	Do you need anything else , sir ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?	happiness
0	What kind of juice do you like sir ?	neutral
1	Tomato or orange juice , please .	neutral
0	Yes , sir . I ’ ll get them for you right away . Would you please sign this bill first ? Thank you , sir .	happiness

0	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .	happiness
1	Yeah , we probably should.How much is normal ?	neutral
0	How about 10 percent ? That's about 6 dollars .	neutral
1	That sounds about right .	happiness

0	What time does the train for Tibet leave ?	neutral
1	It will leave at 3:00 p . m .	neutral
0	When does it arrive ?	neutral
1	It should be due in at 7:30 a . m.tomorrow .	neutral
0	How much is the ticket ?	neutral
1	It's 86 coach and 175 berths	neutral
0	One berth , please .	neutral

0	Hey , taxi .	neutral
1	Where to , sir ?	neutral
0	Beijing Library .	neutral
1	Hop in , please .	neutral
0	Is it a long ride to Beijing Library ?	neutral
1	It will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour .	neutral
0	Thirty minutes , that will be all right . There are still fifty minutes to go before the library is open . Look , what are they doing on the square ?	neutral
1	It is an exhibition of Chinese jades . It is held each year . A nice collection jades of are on display and sold .	neutral
0	Sounds great ! Can you stop somewhere here for a minute ? I will get some souvenirs for my friends .	happiness
1	No problem .	happiness

0	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?	neutral
1	Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .	neutral
0	Do you have any carry-on luggage ?	neutral
1	No .	neutral
0	Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .	neutral
1	How much is the excess baggage part charge ?	neutral
0	Twenty-two dollars	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral
0	This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !	happiness
1	Thank you !	happiness

0	What date would you like to depart , sir ?	neutral
1	Do you have any seats for September 16th ?	neutral
0	Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .	neutral
1	The 17th will be fine .	neutral
0	And what date will you be returning ?	neutral
1	Hmm , I guess on the 28th .	neutral
0	Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6	neutral
1	Sounds good . Thanks a lot .	happiness

0	I would like to buy a black suit .	neutral
1	Do you have any special brand in your mind ?	neutral
0	No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ’ s wedding ceremony .	neutral
1	I see . Have a look at this one . It ’ s very cheap because it ’ s not very durable .	neutral
0	but it looks good . Let me try it on .	neutral
1	Ok , the mirror is over there .	neutral

0	What can I do for you , miss ?	neutral
1	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	neutral
0	Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?	neutral
1	High hells , please . I want to wear them in formal situations .	neutral

0	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	neutral
1	Sure , what ’ s up ?	happiness
0	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	neutral
1	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	neutral
0	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	neutral
1	Is it anything like American football ?	neutral
0	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .	neutral
1	I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ’ s like .	neutral
0	Good idea . I think you ’ ll like it if you give it a chance .	happiness

0	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	neutral
1	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	neutral
0	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	neutral
1	Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .	neutral
0	I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .	neutral
1	Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .	neutral
0	Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .	neutral
1	Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't .	neutral

0	Why aren't you doing well in the class ?	neutral
1	The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it .	neutral

0	Reservation , can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	neutral
0	Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .	neutral
1	By the way , I want a large room .	neutral
0	Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?	neutral
1	Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days .	neutral

0	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	neutral
1	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	sadness
0	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	neutral
1	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have	neutral
0	I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great	neutral
1	Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go	happiness

0	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	surprise
1	What are you excited about ?	neutral
0	I voted today .	neutral
1	Was this your first time ?	neutral
0	I just turned 18 a month ago .	neutral
1	You ’ re lucky .	neutral
0	What do you mean ?	neutral
1	Because you turned 18 in an election year .	neutral
0	I didn ’ t even think of that .	neutral
1	You didn ’ t ?	surprise
0	I really didn ’ t , but I ’ m still excited .	neutral
1	You should be , because you ’ re a part of history .	neutral

0	Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes .	neutral
0	Have you a pattern in your mind ?	neutral
1	Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .	neutral
0	Is there any special brand you would like ?	neutral
1	Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice .	neutral

0	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	surprise
1	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	neutral
0	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	neutral
1	What's that ?	neutral
0	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	neutral
1	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .	happiness

0	I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !	neutral
1	We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .	neutral
0	I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .	neutral
1	Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?	neutral
0	Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .	neutral
1	Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .	neutral
0	There . Stop !	neutral

0	Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?	neutral
1	Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...	neutral
0	Oh , I'm sorry.However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked .	neutral
1	That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ?	neutral
0	I'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon.Do you think it can be done by then ?	neutral
1	I'll try .	neutral
0	Thank you very much , Mr.James .	neutral

0	Don't worry , your baby is in my home .	neutral
1	How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor .	happiness

0	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	neutral
1	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	neutral
0	I'm afraid not .	sadness
1	Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .	neutral

0	Hi . I need to have my shoes repaired .	neutral
1	What ’ s the matter with them ?	neutral
0	Look at the heels . They are slanting .	neutral
1	Ah , I can do it perfectly .	neutral
0	How much does it cost ?	neutral
1	6 yuan . And I can make them as new as before .	neutral
0	I think it ’ s too expensive . I can just give you 4 yuan . Or I ’ ll go to another B .	sadness
1	All right . I ’ ll repair them for you .	neutral
0	How long will it take ? Could you repair them while I wait ?	neutral
1	Yes . They will be ready in a few minutes .	neutral
0	Great ! I ’ ll just sit here and wait .	happiness

0	Hello !	neutral
1	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	sadness
1	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	surprise
0	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	neutral
1	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	neutral
0	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .	neutral
1	Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .	sadness
0	It doesn't matter . It happens to everyone .	neutral
1	Sorry again for bothering you .	sadness
0	That's all right .	neutral

0	Good morning . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .	neutral
0	Do you have an appointment with her ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning .	neutral
0	Okay . What ’ s your name , please ?	neutral
1	My name is Bruce Green .	neutral
0	Thanks . Please sit down . She ’ ll be with you shortly .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral

0	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	neutral
1	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	neutral
0	Thank you .	happiness
1	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	happiness
0	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .	neutral
1	I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?	neutral
0	Oh , that ’ s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel .	happiness
1	I am going there , too . We can walk together .	neutral
0	Sure .	neutral

0	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	neutral
1	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	neutral
0	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	neutral
1	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	neutral
0	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	happiness
1	And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .	neutral

0	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	neutral
1	Yes , it's $ 167 .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral

0	Well , Mitzuko-san , I hope you like it here . This is my favourite restaurant in Taipei . It reminds me of my youth when I traveled around Europe .	neutral
1	It looks wonderful . Very authentic .	happiness
0	The chef trained in Florence . The pasta is very good here .	neutral
1	OK . So , what can you recommend ?	neutral
0	Hum ... You should try the mushroom fettucine . It's really good .	neutral
1	Is it salty ?	neutral
0	Not at all . It has a very delicate flavor .	neutral
1	What does ' Duppa del Giono ' mean ? I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce that .	neutral
0	Oh , that means soup of the day . I'll ask the waiter what they have today . Have you tried mussels cooked the Italian way ? They're really delicious .	neutral
1	No . I'll try them . Sounds good .	happiness

0	I am calling to ask about the position of an usher .	neutral
1	Anything you would like to know ?	neutral
0	What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?	neutral
1	We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .	neutral

0	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ?	neutral
1	Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .	neutral
0	We ’ Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ’ d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?	neutral
1	Actually I ’ m buying a camera for my husband .	neutral
0	Ah , well then I ’ d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .	neutral
1	Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?	neutral
0	Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .	happiness
1	The Canon Eos . Yeah it ’ s ok , but I ’ m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .	neutral
0	Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .	neutral
1	Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ’ t want some bulky telephoto lens .	neutral
0	Oh , well this one has the , uh .	neutral
1	Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !	neutral
0	So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...	neutral
1	Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?	neutral
0	Polarizing filter um we should ! I ’ m sorry , ma ’ am . It looks like we ’ re sold out .	happiness
1	No you ’ re not ! There are some right here !	happiness
0	Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .	happiness
1	Thanks for your help , Ralph !	happiness
0	No problem , ma ’ am .	happiness

0	May I help you , ma'ma ?	neutral
1	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	neutral
0	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	neutral
1	That one there ?	neutral
0	That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .	neutral
1	Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful .	happiness

0	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	neutral
1	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	neutral
0	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	neutral
1	All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it .	neutral

0	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	neutral
1	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?	neutral
0	I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .	neutral
1	What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?	neutral
0	He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .	neutral
1	Can I spy on you guys from the window ?	neutral
0	No . But I'll fill you in later . Right now I have to find Vince .	neutral

0	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ?	neutral
1	I'd like to have some more . It's really good .	happiness

0	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	neutral
1	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	neutral
0	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	happiness
1	One dollar .	neutral
0	How many stops are there ?	neutral
1	Two stops after this one .	neutral
0	Could you please tell me when we get there ?	neutral
1	Sure .	neutral
0	By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?	neutral
1	No , a No . 50 will take you right there .	neutral
0	Thank you .	happiness

0	How are you wedding plans going ?	neutral
1	Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .	happiness
0	When will that be ready ?	neutral
1	The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .	neutral
0	You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .	neutral
1	Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .	neutral
0	Which hotel will the reception be held at ?	neutral
1	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .	neutral
0	Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	happiness
1	Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .	happiness
0	I think you make the right decision .	neutral

0	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	neutral
1	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	neutral
0	Can I try this one on ?	neutral
1	Sure , go ahead .	neutral
0	The color is too bright.For my age , I would prefer a lighter color .	neutral

0	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?	happiness
1	Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	disgust
0	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .	neutral
1	What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	anger
0	Not for me , Dick .	neutral

0	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	anger
1	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	neutral
0	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	anger
1	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	neutral
0	I knew you'd see it my way .	neutral
1	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	neutral
0	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?	anger
1	Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .	neutral
0	This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !	anger
1	If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .	neutral

0	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	neutral
1	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	neutral
0	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	neutral
1	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .	happiness
0	It's my pleasure . Well , then . I'll say goodbye .	happiness
1	Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose .	happiness

0	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	neutral
1	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	neutral
0	This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back , please ?	neutral
1	OK , I'll tell him .	neutral

0	Good morning , sir . May I see your passport ?	neutral
1	Yes , of course . Here it is .	neutral
0	Thank you . Are all these yours ?	neutral
1	No , some of them are my friend's . Do you want her passport , too ?	neutral
0	Yes , please . Do you have any carry-on items ?	neutral
1	Do you want me to put it on the belt , too ?	neutral
0	Yes , please . Would you please open this big suitcase ?	neutral
1	OK . Just a moment . It's just some clothes and toiletries .	neutral
0	OK . Do you have anything to declare ?	neutral
1	I think there is nothing .	neutral
0	Any fresh food , live plants , or animals ?	neutral
1	Oh , no . None of that .	neutral
0	Thank you . You may lock up your suitcase . Here are your passports .	neutral
1	Thanks a lot .	neutral

0	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	neutral
1	Yes ?	neutral
0	I bought it one size up by mistake .	neutral
1	Oh , did you ?	neutral
0	I wonder if you can change it to one size down .	neutral
1	Yes , of course.Will you come with the receipt ?	neutral
0	Then I'll come to your place later in the evening , and how late is your shop open ?	neutral
1	Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you .	happiness

0	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	neutral
1	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	neutral
0	It better be more than last year .	neutral
1	Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .	neutral

0	I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .	neutral
1	Why , do we need groceries ?	neutral
0	I believe we are all out of food .	neutral
1	Do you know what to get ?	neutral
0	I don't know what we need .	neutral
1	Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?	neutral
0	I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .	neutral
1	Why don't you just get the basics ?	neutral
0	What do you mean ?	neutral
1	Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .	neutral
0	Go make that list .	neutral
1	Sure , no problem .	neutral

0	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	neutral
1	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	neutral
0	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	neutral
1	Yes , I got it . Thanks .	neutral

0	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	neutral
1	Yes , can I help you ?	neutral
0	Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?	neutral
1	OK , here you are .	neutral
0	Thanks a lot .	happiness

0	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	neutral
1	I was unable to make it .	neutral
0	You should have been there . It was intense .	neutral
1	Is that right . Who ended up winning ?	neutral
0	Our team was victorious .	neutral
1	I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .	neutral
0	It was a great game .	neutral
1	What was the score at the end of the game ?	neutral
0	Our team won 101-98 .	neutral
1	Sounds like it was a close game .	neutral
0	That's the reason it was such a great game .	neutral
1	The next game , I will definitely be there .	neutral

0	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	neutral
1	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	neutral
0	That's right . Seeing is believing .	neutral
1	I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .	neutral
0	That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .	neutral
1	What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .	neutral
0	It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .	neutral
1	I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .	neutral
0	Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .	neutral
1	That's a good idea .	happiness

0	How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?	neutral
1	It is 15 minutes ’ drive .	neutral
0	What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?	neutral
1	Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .	neutral
0	Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?	neutral
1	Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .	neutral
0	It ’ s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?	neutral
1	Yes , at the end of the hall .	neutral

0	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	neutral
1	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	neutral
0	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	neutral
1	Yes . That ’ s right .	neutral
0	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .	neutral
1	Well , I ’ ll wait .	neutral
0	Would you like something to drink , sir ? Do you prefer coffee or tea ?	neutral
1	Thank you . Coffee , please .	neutral
0	Here you are , Mr . Richard . This is the cream and this is the sugar . If there ’ s anything else you ’ d like , please don ’ t hesitate to tell me .	neutral
1	Thank you very much .	neutral

0	911 . How may I help you ?	neutral
1	I need to report a break-in .	neutral
0	When did this break-in occur ?	neutral
1	Last night .	neutral
0	Where did the break-in happen ?	neutral
1	It happened at my house .	neutral
0	Was anything taken ?	neutral
1	I'm not sure yet .	neutral
0	What makes you think there was a break-in ?	neutral
1	My front window was busted .	neutral
0	I'll send a squad car .	neutral
1	Please hurry .	neutral

0	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	neutral
1	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	neutral
0	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	neutral
1	OK , OK !	neutral
0	Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?	neutral
1	Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .	neutral
0	Well , that's kind of obvious .	neutral
1	Give me a break , Mr Yang .	anger
0	Uh , let's keep this going , shall we ?	neutral

0	I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault .	neutral
1	What do you mean ?	neutral
0	It looks like the shipping company did this .	neutral
1	We'd better take it up with them , in that case .	neutral

0	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	neutral
1	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	neutral
0	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	neutral
1	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	neutral
0	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	neutral
1	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	neutral
0	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	neutral
1	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	happiness
0	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	neutral
1	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	happiness
0	I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .	neutral
1	Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?	neutral
0	It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach .	neutral
1	Ah , get back to you .	disgust
0	Mr . Johnson ? Mr . Johnson ?	neutral

0	Do you need a guide ?	neutral
1	Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ?	neutral
0	It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day .	neutral
1	That's reasonable .	neutral

0	Aren't you Jim Green ?	neutral
1	Yes , that's right .	neutral
0	I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor .	neutral
1	Oh , yes . I remember .	neutral

0	Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?	neutral
1	Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it .	neutral
0	I think I can handle it by myself .	neutral
1	I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .	neutral
0	I see . If I got hurt when fixing the light , even during office hours , I wouldn ’ t get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility .	neutral
1	Other company rules also need your attention .	neutral
0	Like this one ? Never wear loose clothes or hair when operating the shredder.Yeah , thank you for telling me .	neutral
1	Don ’ t mention it .	neutral

0	Thank God ! I am finished writing that service guide ! It took me forever !	happiness
1	When did you finish ?	neutral
0	This morning ! No more overtime , and no more headaches !	happiness
1	Well , I ’ m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee !	happiness

0	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	neutral
1	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	neutral
0	I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .	neutral
1	We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .	neutral
0	Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now ?	neutral
1	It can ’ t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it .	neutral
0	I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem .	neutral
1	You can ’ t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . If you mail it in too soon , we will reject it !	neutral
0	Will my paycheck arrive late because I messed up on my form ?	neutral
1	Your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time .	neutral

0	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	neutral
1	I'm ready when you are , sir .	neutral
0	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	neutral
1	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	neutral
0	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	neutral
1	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	neutral
0	A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ?	neutral
1	I'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely .	neutral
0	Okay . Let me think about this .	neutral
1	Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes .	neutral

0	May I take your order ?	neutral
1	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .	neutral
0	And what would you like after that ?	neutral
1	I'd like the roast chicken , please .	neutral

0	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	neutral
1	Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .	happiness
0	Sure . Here is your receipt .	neutral
1	How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?	neutral
0	You can refund it in 7 days and exchange it in one year .	neutral

0	Hey honey , how was your day ?	neutral
1	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	neutral
0	Why ? What happened ?	surprise
1	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	neutral
0	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	neutral
1	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .	neutral
0	Sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money .	happiness
1	Well , we don ’ t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine .	neutral
0	I wish our company or country provided us with healthcare .	neutral
1	Not in a million years !	neutral

0	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	neutral
1	Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .	neutral
0	What is the qualification needed by the position ?	neutral
1	You must have over 2 years'experience first .	neutral

0	What did you do today ?	neutral
1	Played poker with my work friends .	neutral
0	Did you win ?	neutral
1	Of course .	neutral

0	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	neutral
1	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	neutral
0	Sure .	neutral
1	Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?	neutral
0	That's right .	neutral

0	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	neutral
1	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	neutral
0	How much does it cost ?	neutral
1	This one is 1500 yuan .	neutral
0	It looks pretty good . I think I'll take it .	happiness
1	Would you like anything else ?	neutral
0	That's all thank you .	happiness

0	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	neutral
1	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	happiness
0	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	neutral
1	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	neutral
0	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	neutral
1	Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?	neutral
0	It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .	neutral
1	It may take less time , but I don't know about easier . Yuck .	neutral

0	Billy , you are late again .	neutral
1	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	neutral
0	Yes he ' s in his office .	neutral
1	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	neutral
0	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	neutral
1	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	neutral
0	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	neutral
1	You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .	neutral
0	Good luck !	neutral

0	How much is the rent ?	neutral
1	The rent is $ 1500 per month .	neutral
0	And how much is the deposit ?	neutral
1	The deposit is $ 500 .	neutral

0	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	neutral
1	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	neutral
0	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	neutral
1	And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .	neutral
0	Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .	neutral
1	Of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed .	neutral

0	Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English ?	neutral
1	Yes , I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself .	neutral
0	What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test ?	neutral
1	I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level .	neutral

0	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	neutral
1	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	neutral
0	Oh , In what way .	neutral
1	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	neutral
0	Did you lose any weight ?	neutral
1	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	neutral
0	when was the last time you have track up ?	neutral
1	About two month ago .	neutral
0	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	neutral
1	What am I suppose to do ?	neutral
0	I think you ’ ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ’ ll be sure if you get more rest .	neutral
1	Thank you , doctor . I ’ ll do what you say .	neutral

0	May I see your passport , please ?	neutral
1	Certainly . Here it is .	neutral
0	You are here on business , I think ?	neutral
1	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	neutral
0	How long will you be staying ?	neutral
1	Just two weeks .	neutral
0	How many pieces of baggage have you got ?	neutral
1	Only one . In this case , I have a camera .	neutral
0	Do you intend to take it out on your departure ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do .	neutral
0	According to the regulations , the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free , but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .	neutral
1	I will .	neutral
0	Well . Have a pleasant stay in Germany .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral

0	Excuse me . What should be included in my CV ?	neutral
1	Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions .	neutral
0	What kind of personal information ?	neutral
1	Including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on .	neutral

0	May I come in ?	neutral
1	Yes , please . I ’ m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?	neutral
0	Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ’ m Wang Sian . I ’ Ve come for an interview as requested .	neutral
1	Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral
1	What was your major in school ?	neutral
0	I majored in Public Relations .	neutral
1	Have you done any work in this field ?	neutral
0	Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .	neutral
1	What section did you work in ?	neutral
0	The export Business Section .	neutral
1	So you must be very familiar with export procedures .	neutral
0	Yes , very much .	neutral
1	That's good .	neutral

0	Where to , ma'am ?	neutral
1	The Grand Hotel .	neutral
0	The Grand Hotel ?	neutral
1	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	neutral
0	No , Madam . I don't think I do .	neutral
1	It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .	neutral
0	Oh , yes . I know where it is .	neutral

0	Would you like to order now ?	neutral
1	Yes . I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start .	neutral
0	What would you like for your main course ?	neutral
1	I'll have a steak , medium rare .	neutral

0	Do you have something to read ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do .	neutral
0	Could you lend me one ?	neutral
1	OK . Here you are .	neutral
0	Thanks . It's rather cold this morning , wouldn't you say ?	happiness
1	You're right .	neutral
0	Do you know the news ?	neutral
1	Which one ?	neutral
0	Brazil wins the World Cup .	neutral
1	Yes , I see .	neutral

0	We have the orientation this afternoon .	neutral
1	What ’ s going to be covered in the orientation ?	neutral
0	The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .	neutral
1	Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?	neutral
0	Yes , it is not easy .	neutral
1	It is OK with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .	happiness

0	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	neutral
1	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	neutral
0	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	neutral
1	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .	neutral
0	Thank you very much .	neutral
1	You ’ re welcome .	neutral

0	When can you get the finished product to me ?	neutral
1	We should have it put together by the end of next week .	neutral
0	Great ! That ’ ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .	happiness
1	Well , as the saying goes – we aim to please !	happiness

0	Have you got any cheaper ones ?	neutral
1	Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days .	neutral
0	That's more reasonable . I'll take this one .	happiness

0	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	neutral
0	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	neutral
1	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	neutral
0	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?	neutral
1	Exactly . How much do you want for them ?	neutral
0	They're only three thousand yuan .	neutral
1	What is this setting made of ?	neutral
0	Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .	neutral
1	I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .	neutral
0	You've made an excellent choice , sir .	happiness

0	Room service .	neutral
1	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	neutral
0	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	neutral
1	That's right .	neutral
0	What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?	neutral
0	Just a few minutes , ma'am .	neutral
1	Great . Thank you .	happiness

0	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	neutral
1	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	neutral
0	Why ? anything special there ?	neutral
1	It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .	neutral
0	Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?	neutral
1	Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .	happiness
0	That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .	happiness
1	Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?	neutral
0	Why not ? it's so cool .	neutral
1	But it will pose a risk to your health .	neutral
0	Pardon ?	surprise
1	I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .	neutral
0	Well , I didn't realize that .	neutral
1	I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .	neutral
0	Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .	neutral
1	Yes , good luck , Maria .	neutral

0	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .	neutral
1	Hold on a minute , please .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral
1	I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .	neutral
0	Would you bring the message to my room .	neutral
1	I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .	neutral
0	Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .	neutral
1	OK , we wait for you .	neutral

0	guess what ? I've got great news !	surprise
1	what is it ?	neutral
0	well , you know how I've been working at the Economist as a proof-reader , right ?	neutral
1	yes .	neutral
0	well , the editor-in-chief heard that I had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if I was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him .	neutral
1	really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?	happiness
0	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that I could be in charge of the column until she came back .	happiness
1	wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?	happiness
0	it's a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly .	neutral
1	are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?	neutral
0	yes , but I'm even more excited about getting my thoughts published again !	neutral
1	do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?	neutral
0	I don't have any with me , but I think I could manage to bring a free copy home for you .	neutral
1	I'm really looking forward to reading your column .	happiness
0	me , too . Do you want to go out to celebrate my good news ?	happiness
1	sure , where would you like to go ?	neutral
0	perhaps we could go to the library festival that's going on at the local bookshop .	neutral

0	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	neutral
1	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .	neutral
0	you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish .	neutral
1	who's the director ?	neutral
0	it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you ?	neutral
1	yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?	neutral
0	sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now .	neutral
1	that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?	neutral
0	no . I don't buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile .	neutral
1	how much does the magadize cost ?	neutral
0	it's almost three pounds now , and I think they're going to put the price up to four pounds soon .	neutral
1	that's quite expensive . Who is their target audience ?	neutral
0	Cosmo mainly has a middle-class readership , but I think circulation will fall dramatically if the price goes up anymore .	neutral
1	I bet you'll still buy it , though . You wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine !	neutral

0	Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !	happiness
1	Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .	neutral
0	But you could have saved money .	neutral
1	From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !	surprise
0	F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...	neutral
1	Ha ! I'm just warming up ! Please take me there now !	happiness

0	Can you help me do an internet search ?	neutral
1	Sure . What do you want to find ?	neutral
0	I want to find information on the American Civil War .	neutral
1	Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .	neutral
0	Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .	neutral
1	O . K . Well , go to google.com , and type in “ Battle of Gettysburg . ”	neutral
0	Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .	neutral
1	Here , try this one . It ’ s a good site about Gettysburg .	neutral
0	Thanks .	neutral
1	For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .	neutral
0	Thanks . If I ’ m interested , I ’ ll go to the library .	neutral

0	I just have to come up for air . I ’ Ve been here for too long a time .	neutral
1	OK . You ’ d better come back in two hours .	neutral

0	Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .	neutral
1	I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .	neutral
0	Do you know when he will be back ?	neutral
1	He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .	neutral
0	Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?	neutral
1	The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .	neutral
0	Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?	neutral
1	Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .	neutral
0	Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?	neutral
1	Yes . He usually replies immediately .	neutral
0	Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .	happiness
1	My pleasure . I hope you get a hold of him .	neutral

0	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	neutral
1	I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .	neutral
0	Oh , in what way ?	neutral
1	No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .	neutral
0	Did you lose any weight ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .	neutral
0	When was the last time you had a check-up ?	neutral
1	About two month ago .	neutral
0	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .	neutral
1	Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .	neutral
0	You're just a little run-down from overwork .	neutral
1	What am I supposed to do ?	neutral
0	I think all you need is just a vacation .	neutral
1	Try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest .	neutral
0	Thank you , doctor . I'll do as you say .	neutral

0	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	neutral
1	Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .	neutral
0	Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown.Coffee ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . I ’ Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .	neutral
0	Haha , I could never do that . I ’ d be a zombie if I didn ’ t have my morning coffee fix . Let ’ s get down to business then .	happiness
1	Yes . I ’ Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .	neutral
0	That ’ s great ! I ’ m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?	happiness
1	No , we ’ re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .	neutral
0	Surely . Let ’ s get started by drafting a new contract .	happiness

0	Can I get my dress today ?	neutral
1	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?	neutral
0	Yes . Is that available now ?	neutral
1	Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror .	neutral

0	Did you hear about the robbery ?	neutral
1	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	neutral
0	Are you serious ?	surprise
1	I was there .	neutral
0	What happened ?	neutral
1	A man came into the bank with a gun .	neutral
0	That's insane .	neutral
1	I was so scared when I saw the gun .	neutral
0	Then what happened ?	neutral
1	He took the money and tried to get away .	neutral
0	Did the cops show up in time ?	neutral
1	He didn't even make it out the door .	neutral

0	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?	neutral
1	hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole	neutral
0	people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .	neutral
1	you mean if they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .	neutral
0	there must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ’ t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .	neutral
1	well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?	neutral
0	yes . Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .	neutral
1	well , they ’ Ve got the money and she ’ s going tomorrow for treatment .	neutral
0	I ’ m so happy for the family ! They must be very relieved and excited about that .	happiness
1	I ’ m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ’ m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ’ m amazed that I haven ’ t even won a small prize yet . It ’ s so unfair !	sadness
0	don ’ t be moody ! I hope you ’ re not tired , because we ’ Ve been invited to a party this evening . I know how excited you get about parties .	neutral

0	How much is it all together ?	neutral
1	Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 .	neutral
0	Is it possible for you to reduce the price ?	neutral
1	I am sorry . It's a one-price shop .	sadness

0	This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?	neutral
0	I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?	neutral
1	Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .	neutral
0	And how many pieces did you have ?	neutral
1	Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .	neutral
0	Is there a name tag attached to them ?	neutral
1	Yes , there is .	neutral
0	We're very sorry for the delay . I'll check immediately and call you back .	neutral

0	Are you finished ?	neutral
1	Yes.May I have some more beer ?	neutral
0	Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal ?	happiness
1	Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	happiness
0	Is that so ? I'm glad you enjoyed it .	happiness
1	By the way , Miss.Where is the toilet ?	neutral
0	Toilets are in the rear . I'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .	sadness
1	What ?	surprise

0	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	neutral
1	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	neutral
0	Aren't you tired ?	neutral
1	No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .	happiness

0	Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ?	neutral
1	No , this isn't .	neutral
0	Could you please get him on the phone ?	neutral
1	Sure . Wait a minute .	happiness

0	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	neutral
1	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	neutral
0	What can wearing one do for me ?	neutral
1	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .	neutral
0	So wearing a scarf helps your body to stay warm inside your jacket .	neutral
1	Yes . That's the secret to wearing a thin jacket .	neutral
0	You know , sometimes I can't feel my ears and fingers .	neutral
1	I'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own .	neutral
0	Thanks , Pam . You're my lifesaver .	happiness

0	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	neutral
1	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	neutral
0	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	neutral
1	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	neutral
0	Yes , I've been observing them .	neutral
1	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	neutral
0	I already have something to wear .	neutral
1	I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?	neutral
0	OK , I am ready to think of other things .	neutral
1	You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You'll do great !	neutral

0	Is there anything I can do for you ?	neutral
1	Would you please show me that mural ?	neutral
0	Certainly . Here you are .	happiness
1	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	happiness
0	Four hundred yuan .	neutral
1	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .	neutral
1	Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it .	neutral
0	Well , I'll have it wrapped for you .	happiness
1	Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .	happiness
0	Thank you . Please come again .	happiness

0	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	happiness
1	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	happiness
0	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	happiness
1	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	happiness
0	That would be lovely , thanks .	happiness
1	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	neutral
0	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	neutral
1	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	neutral
0	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .	neutral
1	My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .	neutral
0	Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .	neutral
1	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .	neutral
0	I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help .	neutral
1	That ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot .	happiness

0	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place .	neutral
1	I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .	neutral
0	Do you know any places ?	neutral
1	well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .	neutral
0	thank you . I think I should also have a look at the Internet to see if anyone's got a sublet .	happiness
1	how much do are you looking to spend ?	neutral
0	I can only afford about 1,000 yuan a month .	neutral
1	looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .	neutral
0	it doesn't matter , but it needs to be close to the subway or on a convenient bus route .	neutral
1	anything you need to have in the place ?	neutral
0	I want a bedroom with full bath , and it'll be better if the bedroom is on the sunny side .	neutral
1	you can also check out university bulletin boards .	neutral
0	why ? Will those be students who are leaving ?	neutral
1	not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and they often have low rent .	neutral
0	thank you . I'll be sure to take a look .	happiness
1	good luck .	happiness

0	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	neutral
1	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	neutral
0	Who are they for ?	neutral
1	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	neutral
0	What kind of flowers would you like ?	neutral
1	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	neutral
0	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	neutral
1	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .	neutral
0	Do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?	neutral
1	I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now .	neutral
0	Well , they're for your wife , so I think you should give her roses .	neutral
1	Roses will be fine .	neutral
0	What color ?	neutral
1	I think red would be nice .	neutral
0	Do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them ?	neutral
1	Can you deliver them , please ?	neutral
0	What's the address ?	neutral
1	241 Main street .	neutral

0	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	neutral
1	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	neutral
0	Is it useful for me ?	neutral
1	You have to try at least .	neutral
0	OK . Thanks a lot .	neutral
1	That's nothing .	neutral

0	What do you need today ?	neutral
1	I need to take a few classes .	neutral
0	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	neutral
1	How about a driver's course ?	neutral
0	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	neutral
1	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .	neutral
0	You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork .	neutral
1	I'd like to make one now if I could .	neutral
0	Sure you can ; when would you like to come in ?	neutral
1	I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9	neutral
0	That'll be fine .	neutral
1	That's great . Thank you very much .	happiness

0	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	neutral
1	Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .	neutral
0	Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk.May I tell her who is calling ?	neutral
1	This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .	neutral
0	Thank you , Mr.Burton.Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .	neutral
1	No problem .	neutral
0	I'm sorry , Ms.Jenkins is away from her desk.She has already left for lunch.Would you like to leave a message for her ?	neutral

0	How's Jimmy today ?	neutral
1	Better , thank you , doctor .	neutral
0	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	neutral
1	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	neutral
0	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	neutral
1	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	neutral
0	No , he doesn ’ t .	neutral
1	Must he stay in bed ?	neutral
0	Yes . He must remain in bed for another two days . He can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams this evening ?	neutral
1	He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too !	neutral

0	Well , tell me something of yourself .	neutral
1	What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?	neutral
0	What working experience have you get ?	neutral
1	In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .	neutral
0	Oh , good . Irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? Don't you like your present job ?	neutral
1	Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .	neutral

0	This looks wonderful , Madame Culot .	neutral
1	Yes , it's very nice . All our foreign visitors enjoy it . The food is wonderfully well-prepared . Let me know if you need any help with the menu .	neutral
0	Thank you . Mmm . Can you tell me about the terrine ?	happiness
1	Yes . A terrine is a kind of meat pate . It's meat turned into a paste . It sounds horrible but it's actually really good .	neutral
0	Mmm . Maybe another time .	neutral
1	You could try the ravioli . They are rather like your Chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .	neutral
0	Sounds good . I think I'll have the lamb for my main course . What does it come with ?	neutral
1	Well , you can have fries-French fries-or simple boiled potatoes .	neutral
0	I'll have the potatoes . What are you having ?	neutral
1	I'm having my usual . I like the fish here . Would you like some wine ?	neutral
0	Oh , yes . That would be lovely .	happiness

0	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?	neutral
1	Would you like those with yogurt ?	neutral
0	Sure , why not ?	happiness
1	What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .	neutral
0	Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?	surprise
1	It ’ s a special kind of Chinese herb . It ’ s good for you !	happiness

0	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	happiness
1	What's so great about it ?	neutral
0	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	surprise
1	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	neutral
0	I love that kind of stuff .	happiness
1	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	neutral
0	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	neutral
1	This one looks really expensive though .	neutral
0	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	neutral
1	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	neutral
0	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	neutral
1	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	neutral
0	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	surprise
1	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .	neutral

0	I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?	neutral
1	We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .	neutral
0	Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?	neutral
1	Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?	neutral
0	Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .	neutral
1	Good idea .	neutral

0	Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber near here ?	neutral
1	Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .	neutral
0	I'm a stranger here.How can I get there , please ?	neutral
1	Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .	neutral
0	Thank you very much .	happiness

0	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	neutral
1	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	neutral
1	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	neutral
0	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .	neutral
1	Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?	neutral
0	Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and we can continue .	neutral

0	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	neutral
1	Do we have to ?	neutral
0	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	neutral
1	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	neutral
0	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	neutral
1	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	neutral
0	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	anger
1	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	neutral
0	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	neutral
1	I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .	neutral
0	Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ’ t always be this good , but we can ’ t make it last longer than it should .	neutral
1	Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .	neutral
0	I ’ ll make a deal with you . We ’ ll leave it up until Sunday , and then we ’ ll take it down after church .	neutral

0	Welcome , how may I help you today ?	neutral
1	I'm ask for a pizza , please .	neutral
0	Then you will be happy to here that today all our pizzas are on sale . Two for one .	happiness
1	You're right , that is great .	happiness
0	What size would you like ?	neutral
1	Medium one will be perfect , thank you	happiness
0	Which kind do you want ?	neutral
1	I like seafood on my pizza .	neutral
0	We have two seafood pizzas . Tuna and crab .	neutral
1	Tuna sounds good today .	happiness
0	Would that be for here or take away ?	neutral
1	That would be to go .	neutral
0	That'll be in a ten minutes . Please sit over there , and I'll call you over as sooner as it's ready .	neutral
1	No problem .	happiness

0	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	neutral
0	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	neutral
1	Yes , and I also have the runs	neutral
0	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	neutral
1	When should I take them ?	neutral
0	Take on after each meal .	neutral
1	How long should I continue taking them ?	neutral
0	Take them for two days.If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .	neutral
1	Thank you for your advice .	neutral

0	Ticket , please.Do you have a seat preference ?	neutral
1	Yes . I want a window seat definitely , in the smoking section .	neutral
0	Sure . Please put your baggage on scale .	neutral
1	What's the weight limit ?	neutral
0	20kg.Yours is not overweight . Here is your boarding pass and baggage tag.Please go to the satellite hall to wait for boarding .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral

0	What time is our connecting flight ?	neutral
1	Let me check.Oh , oh ! It ’ s at 3:25 .	neutral
0	Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?	neutral
1	It ’ s at ... gate 14 .	neutral
0	Oh , great ! That ’ s at the other end of the terminal !	neutral
1	OK , so here ’ s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !	neutral
0	I ’ m be right behind ya !	neutral

0	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	neutral
1	You'll need to make an appointment .	neutral
0	Could I do that right now , please ?	neutral
1	What day would you like us to do the installation ?	neutral
0	Is Friday good ?	neutral
1	We're only available at 3	neutral
0	You can't come any earlier than that ?	neutral
1	I'm sorry . That's the only available time .	sadness
0	Are you available this Saturday ?	neutral
1	Yes . Anytime on Saturday will be fine .	neutral
0	How does 11	neutral
1	We can do it . See you then .	neutral

0	It's such a nice day .	neutral
1	Yes , it is .	neutral
0	It looks like it may rain soon .	neutral
1	Yes , and I hope that it does .	neutral
0	Why is that ?	neutral
1	I really love how rain clears the air .	neutral
0	Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .	neutral
1	Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .	neutral
0	Really ? Why is that ?	neutral
1	Because you can see the stars perfectly .	neutral
0	I really hope it rains today .	neutral
1	Yeah , me too .	neutral

0	Can we have a table for three , please ?	neutral
1	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	sadness
0	Do you have a table for four , please ?	neutral
1	Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?	neutral
0	We'd like a non-smoking table , please .	neutral
1	Come with me , please .	neutral

0	I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ?	neutral
1	Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi .	neutral
0	How much will that run me ?	neutral
1	It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .	neutral
0	Do the drivers speak English ?	neutral
1	Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .	neutral
0	Are they safe ?	neutral
1	For the most part , yes . If you don't feel comfortable with it , then it is best not to take one at night .	neutral

0	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	neutral
1	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	neutral
0	How about at 3:30 ?	neutral
1	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .	neutral
0	Hey . I just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . Let's work out on arms and stomach today .	neutral
1	I'm on a weekly schedule . You're messing everything up .	neutral
0	C'mon . We're only switching two days . You can do legs on Friday .	neutral
1	Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then .	neutral

0	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !	happiness
1	I knew everything would work out for you !	happiness
0	I got to meet the night Anger today too . We got along right from the start .	happiness
1	Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule ?	happiness
0	Not yet , I pick it up tomorrow .	neutral
1	Do you know what you will be doing yet ?	neutral
0	Yes , I'll be managing the guys on the dock .	neutral
1	You're so good with people . I think they will like you !	neutral

0	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	neutral
1	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	neutral
0	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	neutral
1	What What features do they offer ?	neutral
0	Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .	neutral
1	I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .	neutral
0	Alright , then , with this chequing account you ’ ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .	neutral
1	No , that won ’ t be necessary .	neutral
0	In that case , I ’ ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ’ ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ’ ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?	neutral
1	Yes , I ’ d like to deposit one billion dollars .	neutral

0	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	neutral
1	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	neutral
0	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	neutral
1	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?	neutral
0	By credit .	neutral

0	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	neutral
1	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	neutral
0	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	neutral
1	I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .	neutral
0	Oh that will be lovely . You ’ ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .	neutral
1	Oh yes and try lots of new food too .	neutral
0	Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !	happiness
1	Oh , don ’ t worry , I will !	happiness

0	It ’ s nice meeting you .	neutral
1	It ’ s nice to meet you , too .	neutral
0	I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .	neutral
1	Would you like to ask me anything ?	neutral
0	What do you feel about gay marriage ?	neutral
1	I think everyone has the right to love who they want .	neutral
0	Would you legalize gay marriage ?	neutral
1	Yes , I would .	neutral
0	Many people won ’ t like that .	neutral
1	I ’ m sure they won ’ t , but that ’ s my view on gay marriage .	neutral
0	I really like you .	happiness
1	I really appreciate that .	neutral

0	Hello ? This is John Smith.Can I speak to Mr.White , please ?	neutral
1	This is Mr.White speaking .	neutral
0	Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ’ t you ?	neutral
1	Yes .	neutral
0	I ’ d like to know more about it .	neutral
1	Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ’ clock ?	neutral
0	OK . I will be there .	neutral
1	Thank you for calling.Goodbye .	happiness
0	Bye .	neutral

0	Please fill in the arrival card and sign the register .	neutral
1	All right . Which room shall I have ?	neutral
0	Room 202 , but I'm afraid we have to ask for a deposit of $ 200 .	neutral

0	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	neutral
1	Mr Green , please .	neutral
0	Sorry , he's out .	neutral
1	What time you suspect back them ?	neutral
0	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . I'll call back later .	neutral
0	That's fine.please call again later .	neutral
1	Ok , thank you.Goodbye .	neutral

0	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	neutral
1	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	neutral
0	How many people are on the board of directors ?	neutral
1	Usually not more than 15 , not less than 10 . They meet monthly , quarterly , or biannually to oversee an organization or company . They provide long term planing and vision , and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line .	neutral

0	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	neutral
1	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	neutral
0	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	neutral
1	No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .	neutral

0	Mum , can I finish my homework later ?	neutral
1	Sorry . You know the rules .	neutral
0	But I want to watch TV now .	neutral
1	That ’ s out of the question .	neutral
0	Please .	neutral
1	Not a chance .	neutral
0	Not even for an hour ?	neutral
1	Sorry , it ’ s impossible .	neutral

0	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	neutral
1	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	neutral
0	What ’ s she doing ?	neutral
1	She ’ s sitting under the tree .	neutral
0	Is Tim in the garden , too ?	neutral
1	Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree .	neutral
0	I beg your pardon ? Who ’ s climbing the tree .	surprise
1	Tim is .	neutral
0	What about the dog ?	neutral
1	The dog ’ s in the garden , too . It ’ s running across the grass . It ’ s running after a cat .	neutral

0	What's wrong with you ?	neutral
1	I have a sore throat and headache .	neutral
0	Do you feel tired ?	neutral
1	Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .	neutral
0	I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .	neutral
1	Ok , go ahead .	neutral
0	Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week .	neutral

0	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see	neutral
1	What fun ! Normally I ’ d love to , but I ’ m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ’ Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .	neutral
0	Oh , right . You ’ re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?	neutral
1	Unfortunately , I just can ’ t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ’ s my second wedding anniversary , and we ’ re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .	neutral
0	Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ’ t be there . Maybe some other time ?	neutral
1	Yeah , maybe . Thanks , anyway . Hope you guys have a great time !	happiness

0	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	neutral
1	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	happiness
0	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	happiness
1	Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?	neutral
0	Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .	neutral
1	Well.It doesn't go with your skirt . I think the color itself is fine though .	neutral

0	Are you going to vote ?	neutral
1	Of course ! Are you ?	neutral
0	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	neutral
1	You should know that .	neutral
0	Can you just tell me ?	neutral
1	The election is this Tuesday .	neutral
0	Are you serious ?	surprise
1	I ’ m not kidding .	anger
0	It ’ s a good thing I asked you .	neutral
1	That should ’ Ve been something you knew already .	neutral
0	I couldn ’ t remember .	neutral
1	Whatever . Just make sure you go vote .	neutral

0	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	neutral
1	Zina , why are you whispering ?	neutral
0	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	neutral
1	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	surprise
0	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	neutral
1	We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .	neutral
0	OK , but don't tell anyone what I said .	neutral

0	You get your bus pass ?	neutral
1	I'm not going to buy one .	neutral
0	You're not ?	neutral
1	I think it's a waste of money .	neutral
0	It actually costs less if you have a bus pass .	neutral
1	How is that ?	neutral
0	You can use it however many times you need to .	neutral
1	Is that right ?	neutral
0	Yup , and you can keep the money in your pocket .	neutral
1	That sounds nice .	happiness
0	You should go get yours .	neutral
1	Yeah , I think I will .	neutral

0	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?	neutral
1	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .	neutral
0	Yes .	neutral
1	From Video TV .	neutral
0	Yes , Video TV .	neutral
1	Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?	neutral
0	Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?	neutral
1	It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .	neutral
0	That is 413-447-9662 ?	neutral
1	No , that's 447-9626 .	neutral
0	Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .	neutral
1	Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .	neutral
0	Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .	neutral
1	Thank you . Good-bye .	neutral
0	Good-bye .	neutral

0	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	neutral
1	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	happiness
0	Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .	happiness
1	I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?	neutral
0	Banana pie .	neutral
1	Where shall we sit ?	neutral
0	How about there ?	neutral

0	Do you like cooking ?	neutral
1	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	happiness
0	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	neutral
1	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .	neutral
0	So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .	neutral
1	Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice .	neutral
0	Do you find it hard to get ingredients for Chinese food ?	neutral
1	Not at all.You can find most of them in supermarkets.The ingredients are usually the same as in Western food.The way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients .	neutral
0	How long does it take you to cook a meal for 5 or 6 people ?	neutral
1	Obviously , it depends on what I ’ m cooking.But I ’ d say it generally takes about one and a half hours .	neutral

0	I'm searching for an old music box .	neutral
1	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	happiness
0	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	neutral
1	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	neutral
0	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	neutral
1	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .	neutral
0	Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .	happiness
1	That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?	neutral
0	One last question	neutral
1	Oh , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . "	neutral
0	I guess I was asking for too much .	neutral
1	If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet .	neutral

0	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	anger
1	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	neutral
0	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	neutral
1	I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	neutral
0	What if we want to take a vacation ? Who will we leave it with ? Plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog .	neutral
1	Ok . How about we get a cat or a ferret ?	neutral
0	We ’ re planning on having children soon , I don ’ t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house .	neutral
1	Fine ! Let ’ s get a bird then ! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk ! A parrot would be awesome !	neutral
0	I ’ ll tell you what , I can get you some hamsters and we ’ ll take it from there .	neutral
1	Yay !	happiness

0	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	neutral
1	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	neutral
0	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .	neutral
1	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?	happiness
0	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .	neutral
1	That's wonderful ! I like swimming .	happiness

0	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	neutral
1	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	neutral
0	You can't be serious !	anger
1	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	anger
0	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	anger
1	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	anger
0	You know , now that I think about it , I really don't have much more to say to you at all !	anger
1	Whatever you say !	anger

0	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	neutral
1	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	neutral
0	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .	neutral
1	If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?	neutral
0	Certainly . No one who evades tax can escape from their detection.They ' ll check your income through computers . You'd better make a declaration to the tax authorities as soon as possible . If you fail to meet the deadline , you will be fined .	neutral

0	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	neutral
1	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	anger
0	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	neutral
1	He is really outrageous .	anger
0	What happened ?	neutral
1	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	neutral
0	What ? He can't do this to you .	surprise
1	Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .	anger
0	What did you do ?	neutral
1	I shouted it back of course .	anger
0	Hold it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit ?	neutral
1	What would you do if you were in my shoes ?	neutral
0	Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him .	neutral
1	No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault .	anger
0	I know . It wouldn't hurt much to say sorry first . And after that , you can casually mention the problem . I am sure he will cooperate .	neutral
1	I am too angry to do that .	anger

0	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	neutral
1	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	sadness
0	Will you have it later ?	neutral
1	I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .	neutral
0	That's terrific . Thank you .	happiness

0	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	neutral
1	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .	neutral
0	I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better .	neutral

0	What game do you like ?	neutral
1	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	neutral
0	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	neutral
1	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	neutral
0	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	neutral
1	I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .	neutral
0	Do you play bridge ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .	neutral
0	I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ’ s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?	neutral
1	Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .	neutral
0	I ’ ll call my friend now . you call yours .	neutral

0	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	neutral
1	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .	neutral
0	What about the hotel accommodations ?	neutral
1	You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .	neutral
0	Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?	happiness
1	The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .	neutral

0	Hello , 332440 .	neutral
1	Oh hello , Sally . This is Dave Thomson here . Could I speak to Jim please ?	neutral
0	I'm afraid he's not in at the moment Dave . He went out about an hour ago and he's not back yet .	sadness
1	Any idea when he might be back ?	neutral
0	Well , he shouldn't be long . He said he was just going to get some paint . But I wouldn't be surprised if he's stopped off at the pub on the way back .	neutral
1	OK . well , tell him I've called , will you , and I'll try again later .	neutral
0	All right . Goodbye , Dave .	happiness
1	Thanks then Sally . Goodbye .	happiness

0	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	neutral
1	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	neutral
0	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	neutral
1	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	neutral
0	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	neutral
1	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	neutral
0	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	neutral
1	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	happiness
0	Great ! Can you set the table ?	happiness
1	Just a sec I ’ m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast	neutral
0	Wait ! Don ’ t turn it on ...	neutral

0	Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service ?	neutral
1	I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service .	neutral
0	This refers to the deposit business offered to the level 1 account of group companies .	neutral
1	What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account ?	neutral
0	Group companies can use this to make their arrangement of funds flexible , when dealing with their subsidiaries .	neutral
1	I see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . Interesting ...	neutral

0	Is this a duty-free shop ?	neutral
1	Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?	neutral
0	I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?	neutral
1	Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .	neutral
0	Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .	happiness
1	May I have a look at your passport , please ?	neutral

0	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	neutral
0	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	neutral
1	What do you have ?	neutral
0	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?	neutral
1	I'd like porcelain .	neutral
0	Good . How about the table set ?	neutral
1	Oh , it looks well . I like it very much .	happiness
0	It's made in Jingdezhen .	neutral
1	How much is it ?	neutral
0	One thousand eight hundred yuan .	neutral
1	It's not expensive . I'll take it .	happiness

0	Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now .	neutral
1	Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .	neutral
0	Are you staying at the Hilton ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have already booked a room .	neutral

0	Could you show me what you've got ?	neutral
1	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	neutral
0	We'll try one of your specials this time .	neutral
1	This is worth trying .	happiness

0	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .	neutral
1	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !	neutral
0	I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .	neutral
1	Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .	neutral
0	Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .	happiness
1	That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .	neutral
0	What's the proposal ?	neutral
1	Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?	neutral
0	Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .	happiness
1	Sounds like we have the same idea .	neutral

0	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	neutral
1	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	neutral
0	How should I contact them ?	neutral
1	You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .	neutral
0	Can I get a quick reply from the sites ?	neutral
1	Yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while .	neutral

0	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	neutral
1	Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it .	neutral
0	Thanks .	happiness

0	I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds ?	neutral
1	Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?	neutral
0	My skin is oily .	neutral
1	Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .	neutral
0	Can you tell me more ?	neutral

0	Hello , is Sue there ?	neutral
1	Who ?	neutral
0	Sue John .	neutral
1	You must have the wrong number .	neutral
0	Oh , I'm sorry .	sadness

0	Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?	neutral
1	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .	neutral
0	Thank you very much .	neutral
1	Please make sure to fasten your seat belt . We are to take off .	neutral

0	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	neutral
1	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	neutral
0	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .	neutral
1	Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?	surprise
0	I do , that ’ s why you should appreciate this gift !	neutral
1	Sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .	neutral
0	How about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .	neutral
1	That ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?	happiness
0	Here you go.On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ’ s on special offer today .	neutral
1	I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?	neutral
0	Let me look . Let ’ s see ... they ’ Ve got one in blue , green , pink , black ... and white . Here you are .	neutral
1	This is perfect ! What do you think ?	happiness
0	I think you look fantastic . Happy Birthday !	happiness
1	I ’ m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey !	happiness

0	The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ?	neutral
1	I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?	neutral
1	OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .	neutral
0	No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?	neutral
1	I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .	neutral
0	I see . Wait in the room , please .	neutral
1	Thank you for your kindness .	happiness

0	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	neutral
1	I couldn't agree more !	happiness
0	Anything else you want to add ?	neutral
1	Oh , yeah , two beers .	neutral

0	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	neutral
1	Sure , here they are .	neutral
0	Any luggage ?	neutral
1	Just this suitcase .	neutral
0	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	neutral
1	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	neutral
0	You can take that with you .	neutral
1	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	neutral
0	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	neutral
1	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	neutral
0	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .	neutral
1	Thank you very much !	happiness
0	You are welcome ! Have a nice flight .	happiness

0	Tell me about yourself and your past experience .	neutral
1	I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now I am working for a trust company . I interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .	neutral
0	How are your typing and shorthand skills ?	neutral
1	I can type 100 Chinese words a minute and take dictation in English at 150 words a minute .	neutral
0	Can you operate computers skillfully ?	neutral
1	Yes , I can . I have received some special training in computers . Besides I am good at operating common office machines , such as fax machines and duplicating machines .	neutral
0	Sometimes we are very busy and need to work overtime . How do you feel about that ?	neutral
1	That's all right . But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime ?	neutral
0	It just depends . If we have important visiting delegations , you have to stay with us . It's not unusual .	neutral
1	Mr . Smith , I's like to ask you a question .	neutral
0	OK , please .	neutral
1	What specific duties would I perform if I am hired ?	neutral
0	Nothing different from a secretary's common responsibilities . However , you know , our company is an international trade-oriented company , can you handle English papers and write English correspondence ?	neutral
1	Yes . I specialized in English secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job .	neutral
0	What are your salary expectations ?	neutral
1	I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position .	neutral
0	The starting monthly salary would be ¥ 2,000 , with rises after the half year according to your competence .	neutral
1	I think it's acceptable and I really like the job . And when can I know the decision ?	neutral
0	We'll inform you of our final decision by early July . Do you have any other questions ?	neutral
1	No . Thank you for the time .	neutral

0	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	neutral
1	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	neutral
0	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	neutral
1	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	neutral
0	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .	neutral
1	And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .	neutral
0	You are right . The current equipment of our offices really falls behind . Next week , you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment .	neutral

0	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	neutral
0	Round-trip or one-way ?	neutral
1	One-way .	neutral
0	What date would you like to fly ?	neutral
1	Saturday , July 25 .	neutral
0	How many people will be traveling ?	neutral
1	Just one adult .	neutral
0	Which class ?	neutral
1	Economy , please . Economy class is the cheapest , right ?	neutral
0	Right . Ok , the fare is $ 700 .	neutral

0	Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .	neutral
1	I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .	neutral
0	Does this mean that you have bad news for me ?	neutral
1	I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .	neutral
0	Can ’ t you just tell me now ?	neutral
1	I don ’ t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .	neutral
0	I want to see you right away .	neutral
1	You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .	neutral
0	I know for sure that something is wrong !	fear
1	Don ’ t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking .	neutral

0	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am sure I can .	neutral
0	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	neutral
1	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	neutral
0	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	neutral
1	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	neutral
0	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .	neutral
1	Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .	neutral

0	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	neutral
1	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	happiness
0	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	happiness
1	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	neutral
0	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	neutral
1	When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .	neutral
0	At the gym ?	neutral
1	No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking .	neutral

0	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	neutral
1	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	neutral
0	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	happiness
1	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	happiness
0	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	happiness
1	Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .	neutral

0	Can you help me plan the office party ?	neutral
1	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	neutral
0	I need help with food .	neutral
1	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	neutral
0	I think it should be casual .	neutral
1	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?	neutral
0	I would prefer Chinese food for this party .	neutral
1	Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?	neutral
0	I think we should hire a live band .	neutral
1	OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday .	happiness

0	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	neutral
1	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	neutral
0	Actually , I enjoy both .	neutral
1	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	neutral
0	I need job security .	neutral
1	Would you be able to relocate ?	neutral
0	I am open to relocating .	neutral
1	What are your annual salary requirements ?	neutral
0	I need at least 75,000 per year .	neutral
1	I ’ ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ’ ll be in touch .	happiness

0	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	neutral
1	Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .	neutral
0	OK . Is the plane on schedule ?	neutral
1	Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?	neutral
0	Two .	neutral

0	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	neutral
1	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	neutral
0	I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !	neutral
1	You're looking for a multi though , right ?	neutral
0	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	neutral
1	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	neutral
0	Oh ! You took the guesswork right out of that one .	happiness
1	That's my job ! Is there anything else I can assist you with ?	neutral

0	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	neutral
1	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?	neutral
0	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	neutral
1	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .	neutral
0	Do you have any product that controls frizz ?	neutral
1	With the cut I'll give you , we will minimize a lot of that .	neutral
0	Thank you !	happiness
1	And when we're done , I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest .	happiness

0	Would you pour me some of that tea , please ?	neutral
1	Okay . Say when .	neutral

0	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	neutral
1	I'm not in the mood .	neutral
0	It's the circus .	neutral
1	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	anger
0	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	neutral
1	Cute ? Hope so .	surprise
0	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	neutral
1	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	anger
0	Why are you acting so strange today ?	neutral
1	I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .	anger
0	That's weird !	surprise

0	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	neutral
1	All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .	neutral
0	That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?	neutral
1	I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .	neutral
0	Have you received any honors ?	neutral
1	Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .	neutral
0	Do you have any publications ?	neutral
1	Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily .	neutral

0	Hit ' em high , hit ' em low . Class of ' 93 — let's go !	happiness
1	Hi there , everyone . We hope you're having a good night !	happiness
0	Wasn't that football game great ! I just knew we'd win !	happiness
1	The night is young , folks . Get some food and mingle with those faces from yesterday .	happiness
0	Later we'll let you know who the King and Queen of the Reunion will be .	neutral
1	But for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . Get out on that dance floor !	neutral

0	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	neutral
1	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .	neutral
0	I'm sorry . I didn't follow you . Could you please repeat that ?	neutral
1	Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .	neutral
0	Uh-huh .	neutral
1	Then , walk three blocks to Second Avenue an turn right . Are you with me so far ?	neutral
0	Yes . I'm following you .	neutral
1	Then , walk two more blocks an you ’ ll see City Hall on the left . Have you got all that ?	neutral
0	Yes . Now I've got it . Thank you very much .	happiness

0	What's up ?	neutral
1	Nothing much , what's going on ?	neutral
0	I'm having a party this Friday .	neutral
1	Oh , really ? That's nice .	neutral
0	I wanted to see if you wanted to come .	neutral
1	This Friday ? Sorry , I already have plans .	neutral
0	Doing what ?	neutral
1	I'm going to dinner with my family .	neutral
0	I really wanted you to come , but I understand .	neutral
1	Yeah , maybe next time .	neutral
0	I'll hold you to that .	neutral
1	Sounds like a plan .	neutral

0	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	neutral
1	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	neutral
0	Is it so simple ?	neutral
1	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	neutral
0	It's true .	neutral
1	Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .	neutral
0	That's all ?	neutral
1	In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved .	neutral

0	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	neutral
1	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	neutral
0	Then I'll see you in the afternoon .	neutral
1	OK .	neutral

0	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	neutral
1	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	neutral
0	What else do I need to do ?	neutral
1	You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .	neutral

0	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	neutral
1	You still have time on your lease .	neutral
0	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	anger
1	That ’ s not going to be all right .	neutral
0	I don ’ t understand why .	surprise
1	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	neutral
0	Why can ’ t I have it back ?	neutral
1	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	neutral
0	You have to give it back to me .	neutral
1	You ’ re not going to get it .	neutral
0	But I ’ m not able to live here anymore .	anger
1	I can ’ t help you with that .	neutral

0	Can I have my check , please .	neutral
1	Here it is . 350 Yuan all together .	neutral
0	May son adores my new hairstyle so I suppose it is worth it .	happiness
1	Hearing you say that is a big reward for us . And here is the receipt .	happiness
0	Thank you .	happiness
1	Wait ! Congratulations ! You are the lucky customer of our anniversary celebration .	happiness
0	Wow , it's surprising . So what do I get ?	surprise
1	You can have a free facial and then make up free for you . Do you want it now ?	neutral
0	Probably not . Doing that will probably take another three hours which I can't afford now .	sadness
1	Here is our number . Call us when you are ready to come .	neutral
0	You mean I should make an appointment ahead of time ?	neutral
1	Yes .	neutral
0	Got it . Bye for now .	neutral

0	Can I borrow this magazine from you ? It's really interesting and I can't put it down .	neutral
1	I am sorry , but I can't lend it to you now , for I haven't finished reading it . If you don't mind , I can lend you some back numbers to you .	sadness
0	That would be very kind of you . By the way , is it a monthly magazine ?	neutral
1	No , it is a fortnightly . So , you see , I can get the new one quite soon .	neutral

0	Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very c	neutral
0	How often do you run your anti-virus program ?	neutral
1	I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time .	neutral
0	Which anti-virus program would you recommend ?	neutral
1	Have you tried this one ? It ’ s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free .	neutral
0	That sounds very good . Which website should I visit to download it ?	happiness
1	Just a minute ... go to this one . I ’ ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated .	neutral
0	What do you use your computer for ?	neutral
1	I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ’ t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you	neutral
0	Computers are great , aren ’ t they ? I should download some programs and learn how to use them .	happiness

0	A :: You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you .	neutral
1	B :: Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson .	neutral
0	A :: Tim , please . Please be seated .	neutral
1	B :: Thank you .	neutral
0	A :: So , Wily , you have been with IBM for two years , ready for change ?	neutral
1	B :: Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges .	neutral

0	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?	neutral
1	What is your address ?	neutral
0	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	neutral
1	OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	neutral
0	What are your rates ?	neutral
1	It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .	neutral
0	I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?	neutral
1	Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .	neutral
0	Thank you very much .	happiness

0	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	neutral
1	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	neutral
0	Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .	neutral
1	I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .	neutral
0	No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?	neutral
1	Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .	neutral
0	Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .	neutral
1	Yes , yes . Everything's fine . Thank you very much , Becky .	happiness

0	What can I do for you , young man ?	neutral
1	I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .	neutral
0	What sizes do you need ?	neutral
1	One pair of 37 , and two pairs of 21 . One for me , and the other two for two kids .	neutral
0	Here you are . And here are three crash helmets .	neutral
1	Thanks . Well , those two kids are beginners . What should I do about their safety ?	happiness
0	Well , there are a lot to do , but nothing to worry about . First , make sure they don't go far from the railings .	neutral
1	Oh , yeah , maybe I should ask them just to walk along the railings .	neutral
0	That's a good idea . And remind them to be slow at the beginning , not to run into the railings .	neutral
1	OK . Anything else ?	neutral
0	Never go to the center of the lake . The ice there is too thin to skate on .	neutral
1	Got it . Thanks for reminding me . And , are there any intensive training courses ?	happiness

0	Excuse me sir . May I come in ?	sadness
1	Mike , you're late again .	anger
0	I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I	sadness
1	Do you think I believe the story like that ?	anger
0	But it's true .	neutral
1	How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?	anger
0	That's coincident 。	neutral
1	Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time 。	neutral
0	I promise I will .	neutral
1	You'd better .	neutral

0	Honey , I have something important to say .	neutral
1	Something important ?	neutral
0	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	neutral
1	Tickets ? What tickets ?	neutral
0	Two air tickets .	neutral
1	Air tickets ?	neutral
0	Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .	neutral
1	We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?	neutral
0	Today is June 18 , isn ’ t it ?	neutral
1	Yes . So ?	neutral
0	Think about it !	neutral
1	Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .	neutral
0	Yes . Think about it carefully .	neutral
1	Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?	neutral
0	Oh , honey ! Don ’ t you remember this important day to us ?	anger
1	Sorry .	neutral
0	It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .	neutral
1	Our 10th wedding anniversary ?	neutral
0	Of course . You completely forgot it .	neutral
1	Darling . I think you have made a mistake .	neutral
0	I have made a mistake ?	neutral
1	Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .	neutral
0	July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .	neutral
1	Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .	neutral
0	Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?	neutral
1	Since you have booked . Then let ’ s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand .	neutral

0	Do you want some dessert ?	neutral
1	No , thank you . Check , please .	neutral
0	Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 .	neutral
1	Here are $ 40 . Keep the change . That's my tip for you .	neutral

0	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .	neutral
1	How to do it ?	neutral
0	Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .	neutral
1	How long will it take to reach the buffet ?	neutral
0	Not long , because people rush for lunch .	neutral
1	The line sure does move fast .	neutral
0	Tell the man behind the counter what you want .	neutral
1	OK . I like that green vegetable but I don't know how to call it .	neutral
0	Just point to it if you don't know the name .	neutral
1	All right .	happiness

0	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	neutral
1	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	neutral
0	Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .	neutral
1	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .	neutral
0	Yeah , so are you planning on going ?	neutral
1	I think so . It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun .	neutral
0	It really does , I can't wait .	neutral
1	What time does the party start ?	neutral
0	It starts at 8 o'clock .	neutral
1	Oh , well , how many people has she given invites to so far ?	neutral
0	I'm not sure , but I don't think she's given out that many .	neutral
1	Well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today .	neutral

0	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	neutral
1	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	neutral
0	As the department I am applying for is expanding , I would like to contribute by effort .	neutral
1	Great . Welcome to our company .	neutral

0	Farmer's Pet Store .	neutral
1	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	neutral
0	Sure , we are off Singing Road , close to the bank .	neutral
1	Thank you , I know where that is .	happiness

0	Hi , Bob , this is John Lin .	neutral
1	Hello , John .	neutral
0	I'm with Hartford public relations . I'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services .	neutral
1	How about tomorrow at 11 o'clock ?	neutral

0	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	neutral
1	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	disgust
0	What ' the matter ?	neutral
1	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	disgust
0	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	neutral
1	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	neutral
0	That's true .	neutral
1	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	neutral
0	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	happiness
1	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	surprise
0	Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .	neutral
1	I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .	neutral
0	Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?	neutral
1	You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .	neutral
0	Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .	neutral
1	Seriously ?	surprise
0	Yeah , it's hard to believe but true .	neutral

0	Have you seen this news article ? Apparently an organization has made a list to name the new seven wonders of the world and people could vote for them online .	neutral
1	Wow , that's really interesting . So who won ?	happiness
0	Well , the Great Wall of China , the Taj Mahal in India .	neutral
1	I've been there ! It really is an amazing work of architecture and art . The entire complex is made of white marble and in the interior of the tomb , the walls are covered with gems and emeralds !	happiness
0	Cool ! Also amongst the winners is Petra , in Jordan , Mach Pitch in Peru and the pyramid in Chichenitza in Mexico .	happiness
1	Wait a minute ! It also says that the Christ Re-deemer statue in Brazil and the Colosseum in Rome are wonders . I would love to go to Italy and see the Colosseum , stand in the middle like a gladiator !	happiness
0	Well , let's see if we can find some cheap airfare and we can go towards the end of the year .	happiness
1	Good idea !	happiness

0	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .	neutral
1	That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?	neutral
0	My name is John Sandals .	neutral
1	Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?	neutral
0	I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .	neutral
1	Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?	neutral
0	How much per night are we talking about ?	neutral
1	Each night will be $ 308 .	neutral
0	That price is perfectly acceptable .	neutral
1	Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?	neutral
0	Nonsmoking , please .	neutral
1	Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?	neutral
0	That sounds fine .	neutral
1	Okay , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .	neutral
0	Certainly . My phone number is 626-555-1739 .	neutral
1	Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York !	happiness

0	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	neutral
1	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	neutral
0	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	neutral
1	Sure , that sounds good .	happiness
0	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	happiness
1	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .	neutral
0	Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21.50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ’ s free !	neutral
1	Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..	happiness
0	wait ! ! I need your address !	neutral

0	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	neutral
1	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	neutral
0	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...	neutral
1	That sounds good . At the moment I spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills .	neutral

0	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .	neutral
1	It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation !	neutral
0	Do you handle the recruiting yourselves ?	neutral
1	Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job .	neutral

0	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	neutral
1	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	neutral
0	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	neutral
1	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?	happiness
0	It says it's located in the suburbs .	neutral

0	What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ?	neutral
1	Chicken , please .	neutral
0	Good choice !	neutral
1	What kind of drinks do you have ?	neutral
0	Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	neutral
1	In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .	neutral
0	Anything else ?	neutral
1	I would like to have some tea as well .	neutral
0	Another flight attendant is coming down the aisle with coffee and tea .	neutral
1	I see .	neutral

0	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	neutral
1	I'd be glad to .	neutral
0	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	neutral
1	Do you have an account with this bank ?	neutral
0	I'm afraid not .	neutral
1	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	neutral
0	What is the interest rate on your card ?	neutral
1	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	neutral
0	That's very expensive !	neutral
1	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	neutral
0	How does the bank bill its customers for credit card charges ?	neutral
1	You will receive a monthly statement with each expenditure itemized .	neutral
0	Does the card provide any other benefits ?	neutral
1	You can also get a cash advance up to 1,000 dollars on this card .	neutral

0	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?	neutral
1	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .	neutral
0	You're kidding !	happiness
1	No . And then I often go Rollerblading .	neutral
0	Wow ! How often do you exercise like that ?	neutral
1	About five times a week . What about you ?	neutral
0	Oh , I hardly ever exercise . I usually just watch TV in my free time . I guess I'm a real couch potato !	neutral

0	I don't believe we've met .	neutral
1	No , I don't think we have .	neutral
0	My name is Gao Run .	neutral
1	How do you do ? My name is James Green .	neutral
0	Here's my name card .	neutral
1	And here's mine .	neutral
0	It's nice to finally meet you .	happiness
1	And I'm glad to meet you , too .	happiness

0	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Mr . Smith , please .	neutral
0	Sorry , he is out .	neutral
1	What time do you expect him back then ?	neutral
0	Sorry , I am not sure . Can I take a message ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . I will call back later .	neutral
0	That ’ s fine . Please call again later .	neutral
1	OK . Thank you . Goodbye .	neutral

0	Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I need some traveler's checks .	neutral
0	How much do you need ?	neutral
1	Three thousand US dollars .	neutral
0	All right , can I have your passbook ?	neutral
1	Yes , here you go .	neutral
0	What amounts do you want the checks in ?	neutral
1	It's all the same to me .	neutral
0	Here you are .	neutral
1	Thanks .	neutral

0	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	neutral
1	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	neutral
0	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	neutral
1	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?	neutral
0	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	neutral
1	Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?	neutral
0	Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .	neutral
1	Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?	neutral
0	I am not sure if I will be home later .	neutral
1	I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ’ t there , I ’ ll just use my key .	neutral

0	Grand Theft Auto Three is awesome !	happiness
1	It's more violent than TV news !	happiness
0	What time is it anyway ?	neutral
1	Nine-thirty .	neutral
0	Oh , my God , three hours already ! I have to get the chores done !	happiness
1	No time . That's their headlights in the window !	neutral
0	OK , emergency measures . Let's throw the dishes in the trash ! Two birds with one stone ...	neutral
1	Little dude , your life is over !	neutral
0	No time to worry . We have to dispose of this evidence .	neutral

0	How old is Keith ?	neutral
1	He's 21 . How old is James ?	neutral
0	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	neutral
1	How's your father ?	neutral
0	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .	neutral
1	He can spend more time with his grandchildren .	neutral
0	Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .	neutral
1	So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !	happiness
0	How do you want to spend your old age ?	neutral
1	In the same way , probably .	neutral

0	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	neutral
1	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	neutral
0	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	neutral
1	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .	neutral
0	It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?	neutral
1	Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .	neutral

0	Why not come over to work in my company ?	neutral
1	I need to think it over .	neutral
0	Tell me what you need .	neutral
1	All right . I'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable .	neutral

0	We are approaching the top of the mountain .	neutral
1	What a beautiful view we have here .	happiness
0	Yes , you can have a bird's-eye view of the whole city .	neutral
1	Wonderful . Will we have any free time there ?	happiness
0	Of course . We will stay there for half an hour and you can do your own business .	neutral

0	what did you do last night ?	neutral
1	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	neutral
0	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	neutral
1	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	neutral
0	what were the results of the game ?	neutral
1	it ended in a tie .	neutral
0	what was the actual score ?	neutral
1	it was three all .	neutral
0	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	neutral
1	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	neutral
0	what happened ?	neutral
1	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	neutral
0	that explains it .	neutral
1	how many more games are left this season ?	neutral
0	that was the last game before the playoffs .	neutral
1	when do the playoffs start ?	neutral
0	in a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them ?	neutral
1	of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .	happiness
0	Me , too ! Do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? I'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together .	happiness
1	sure , that would be great .	happiness
0	Ok , it's a date then !	happiness

0	how are you ?	neutral
1	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	neutral
0	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	neutral
1	Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ?	neutral

0	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .	neutral
1	Gave me the receipt , please .	neutral
0	Here is my receipt .	neutral
1	What's wrong with it ?	neutral
0	It's too small for me to wear .	neutral
1	Would you like another bigger one ?	neutral
0	No thanks . I want to have a refund .	neutral
1	OK , here is your money .	neutral

0	Oh , so many kinds of winter hats .	happiness
1	What is your favorite color , miss ?	neutral
0	Red .	neutral
1	Here you are.It ' s very attractive .	happiness
0	May I try it on ?	neutral
1	Go ahead .	neutral
0	Is there a mirror around here ?	neutral
1	Right over there .	neutral
0	Does it suit me ?	neutral
1	Yes , you look very nice .	neutral
0	How much is it ?	neutral
1	We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .	neutral
0	That's quite reasonable .	happiness

0	What can I help you with ?	neutral
1	May I ask you something ?	neutral
0	What's your question ?	neutral
1	How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?	neutral
0	What do you need to take it for ?	neutral
1	I'm trying to get my license .	neutral
0	You need six hours .	neutral
1	Can I do all six hours in one day ?	neutral
0	You have to do it in three days .	neutral
1	That's all I have to do ?	neutral
0	That's everything .	neutral
1	Well , that's a relief .	happiness

0	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .	neutral
1	Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .	neutral
0	An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .	neutral
1	Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?	neutral
0	I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .	neutral
1	Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?	neutral
0	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .	neutral
1	It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?	neutral
0	All right . Thank you .	happiness
1	Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .	neutral
0	Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .	neutral
1	I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .	neutral
0	Well , there's no reason to apologize for such a trifle thing .	neutral

0	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	neutral
1	Sorry . I was too worried .	neutral
0	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	neutral
1	Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?	neutral
0	Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .	neutral
1	I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .	neutral
0	It depends . It's true that you can take some for prevention .	neutral

0	What kind of place shall we rent ?	neutral
1	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	neutral
0	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	neutral
1	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	neutral
0	I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .	neutral
1	Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .	neutral
0	Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .	neutral
1	How much do you think the rent will be ?	neutral
0	I asked a few people who are already living in places near the university and they said it would cost about one hundred pounds a month .	neutral

0	I have a terrible toothache .	neutral
1	Which tooth is it ?	neutral
0	This one here .	neutral
1	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	neutral
0	Can you fill it ?	neutral
1	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	neutral
0	Then I might as well have it done now .	neutral
1	you ’ d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days .	neutral

0	May I have a look at that vase , please ?	neutral
1	Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan .	happiness
0	Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .	neutral
1	Really ? Even for such an excellent one ?	surprise

0	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?	neutral
1	The local newspaper has ads for housing .	neutral
0	Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ?	neutral
1	Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .	neutral
0	What do landlords charge for rent ?	neutral
1	Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?	neutral
0	There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .	neutral
1	You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .	neutral
0	I really would appreciate it if you could come look at apartments with me .	neutral
1	Sure , I ’ ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want .	happiness

0	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	neutral
1	With pleasure .	neutral
0	I appreciate the building so much . I am wondering if you could take a picture of me against the building .	neutral
1	No problem .	neutral

0	The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .	neutral
1	Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .	neutral
0	Why is the price so high ?	neutral
1	It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .	neutral
0	Model of computers aren't compatible ?	neutral
1	Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .	neutral
0	Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .	neutral
1	But by then , the technology will be outdated .	neutral
0	True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .	neutral
1	That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .	neutral
0	This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .	neutral
1	I guess you get what you pay for .	neutral

0	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	neutral
1	what kinds do you have ?	neutral
0	Oh , yeah , It ’ s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form .	neutral
1	Last time I tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . Set the wave a little loose than as usual , please .	neutral

0	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?	neutral
1	I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .	neutral
0	I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .	neutral
1	Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .	neutral
0	No , no . I've got plenty left .	neutral
1	Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?	neutral
0	What am I going to do about souvenirs ?	neutral
1	Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !	happiness
0	Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .	neutral
1	Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .	neutral
0	Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .	neutral
1	I understand completely , sir . Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .	neutral

0	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?	neutral
1	Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .	neutral
0	That doesn't sound too bad .	neutral
1	Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo .	neutral
0	Maybe that's what I'll do . Thanks a lot .	happiness
1	You're welcome .	happiness

0	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	neutral
1	What'd you like , madam ?	neutral
0	Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long ?	neutral
1	No , just a few minutes .	neutral

0	How are you ?	neutral
1	I ’ m doing well .	neutral
0	How may I help you ?	neutral
1	Could you cancel a check for me ?	neutral
0	What ’ s the problem ?	neutral
1	I wrote the check out for way too much .	neutral
0	How much ?	neutral
1	I wrote the check out for $ 150 .	neutral
0	What were you supposed to write it out for ?	neutral
1	I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .	neutral
0	I ’ ll just cancel it for you right now .	neutral
1	That ’ s great . You ’ re a lifesaver .	happiness

0	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes . Thank you .	happiness
0	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	neutral
1	A glass of Qingdao beer .	neutral
0	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	neutral
1	Will you make some recommendation ?	neutral

0	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	neutral
1	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .	neutral
0	Thank you so much . Is this the desk for BA flight 123 to London ?	neutral
1	Yes , this is the right desk . Have you any luggage ?	neutral
0	The suitcase , that ’ s all . Except my handbag . Of course .	neutral
1	Would you please put you suitcase on the scales ? You needn ’ t weigh your handbag .	neutral
0	Is there a receipt ?	neutral
1	Yes . I ’ ll attach your baggage receipt to your ticket .	neutral
0	What must I do next ?	neutral
1	You must go to immigration to the departure lounge .	neutral

0	It's time for bed .	neutral
1	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	neutral
0	It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .	neutral
1	I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .	neutral
0	Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .	neutral
1	Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .	neutral
0	You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?	neutral
1	Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .	neutral
0	An excellent idea . Work now and play later .	happiness
1	I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .	neutral
0	No , now it's bedtime .	neutral

0	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	neutral
0	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	neutral
1	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	neutral
0	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	neutral
1	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	happiness
0	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	neutral
1	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	neutral
0	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	sadness
1	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	neutral
0	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	neutral
1	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	neutral
0	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	neutral
1	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	neutral
0	Perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .	neutral
1	Oh , look ! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color .	happiness
0	That might be the artificial lighting , madam . Of course , if you could come back in daylight , you might find it ’ s exactly what you are looking for .	neutral
1	There it is . That is the pattern ! The set behind you . Thank goodness , they haven't been sold . And thank you so much for being so patient with me . Yes , those are the ones .	happiness

0	I've come to hear about your offer .	neutral
1	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	neutral
0	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	neutral
1	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	neutral
0	I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .	neutral
1	But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .	neutral
0	I agree that yours are of the top .	neutral
1	Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?	neutral
0	To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .	neutral
1	Impossible . How about 5 % off ?	neutral
0	Right . A reduction of 5 % is acceptable .	neutral

0	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	neutral
1	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	neutral
0	I see.Oh , I know what I wanted to ask.How much should I tip this guy ?	neutral
1	People don't usually tip here , but you can.Fifty dollars should be more enough .	neutral

0	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	neutral
0	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	neutral
1	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	neutral
0	Economy or Business Class ?	neutral
1	Economy , please . How much is it ?	neutral
0	It will be $ 850 .	neutral
1	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	neutral
0	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	neutral
1	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	neutral
0	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	neutral
1	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	neutral
0	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	neutral
1	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	neutral
0	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	neutral
1	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?	neutral
0	Yes , you can , but you will have to pay a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .	neutral
1	That ’ s OK . What are the weight restrictions for checked baggage ?	neutral
0	On Trans Pacific international flights , each ticketed passenger is permitted a maximum of two checked bags with a maximum weight per checked bag of 70 pounds .	neutral
1	That ’ s great ! I can have two bags checked for 70 pounds each . I think I ’ m all set . You ’ re really efficient . Thank you very much for your help .	neutral
0	Thank you for the compliment and for calling G . O . T . Travel Agency . Have a nice trip !	neutral

0	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	neutral
1	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	neutral
0	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .	neutral
1	Fine . I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday .	neutral

0	That looks graceful on you .	happiness
1	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	happiness
0	How about this brown one ?	neutral
1	Let me try it on . I like that color .	neutral
0	Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are .	neutral
1	But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?	neutral
0	Sorry , it had been sold out .	sadness
1	What a pity !	sadness

0	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan .	neutral
1	How much would you like to borrow ?	neutral
0	A thousand dollars .	neutral
1	Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .	neutral
0	What ’ s the current interest rate ?	neutral
1	Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form ?	neutral

0	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .	neutral
1	When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .	neutral
0	My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .	happiness
1	I wouldn't mind having one myself ...	neutral
0	Model it for me .	neutral
1	OK !	happiness
0	Wow ! You look just as dorky as Dilbert !	happiness

0	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	neutral
1	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	neutral
0	That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .	neutral
1	A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?	neutral
0	A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .	neutral
1	But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .	neutral
0	We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .	neutral
1	I see . So , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? That does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free .	neutral

0	Hello .	neutral
1	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?	neutral
0	No , Lily is not here at the moment .	neutral
1	Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?	neutral
0	Sure . What ’ s your number , please .	neutral
1	519 367 8901 .	neutral
0	Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?	neutral
1	Yes . I ’ m Tony . Thank you very much .	happiness
0	You ’ re welcome . Bye .	happiness
1	Bye .	neutral

0	So what do you think of my new dress ?	neutral
1	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	happiness
0	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	neutral
1	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	neutral
0	I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .	neutral
1	Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?	neutral
0	I don't know , I just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive .	neutral

0	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?	neutral
1	I did . Why ?	neutral
0	Didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs ?	neutral
1	No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again .	sadness

0	Is it Fred's fault ?	neutral
1	No , I don't suppose he's to blame.The man in the other car made a mistake .	neutral
0	But he's equally responsible because he tried to overtake you .	neutral

0	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .	neutral
1	How to adjust ?	neutral
0	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .	neutral
1	Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .	neutral
0	That's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably .	neutral
1	Yes , sometimes the differences are great .	neutral
0	Well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product .	neutral
1	We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales .	neutral

0	I hate doing the damn laundry .	anger
1	Watch your language .	neutral

0	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	neutral
1	$ 10 per person .	neutral
0	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	neutral
1	Turn to the next window and they will help you find one .	neutral
0	Thanks a lot .	happiness

0	Shall we share a taxi ?	neutral
1	Where are you heading now ?	neutral
0	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	neutral
1	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	neutral
0	That's the one .	neutral
1	You mean we'll share the taxi ?	neutral
0	Yeah.If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper.Besides that your Chinese is better than mine.The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .	neutral
1	Well.Don ' t worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you .	happiness

0	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	neutral
1	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	neutral
0	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	neutral
1	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	neutral
0	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	neutral
1	Twenty .	neutral
0	Hum , still a student ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .	neutral
0	What subjects are you studying ?	neutral
1	English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .	neutral
0	Have you had any working experience .	neutral
1	Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .	neutral
0	What do you like to do in your spare time ?	neutral
1	I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .	neutral
0	How are your English and computer skills ?	neutral
1	I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .	neutral
0	Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .	neutral

0	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ?	happiness
1	It ’ s too loud .	neutral
0	We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for ?	anger
1	Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .	neutral
0	What style do you want ?	neutral
1	I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .	neutral
0	Oh , I see.How about the color ?	neutral
1	Quiet color .	neutral
0	I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .	neutral
1	Really ? Let ’ s go there .	surprise

0	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	neutral
1	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	happiness
0	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	happiness
1	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	neutral
0	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !	surprise
1	I'm not , I am a vegan .	neutral
0	A what ?	neutral
1	A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .	neutral
0	Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !	happiness
1	It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult .	neutral

0	How do you feel about that restaurant ?	neutral
1	It wasn't all that great .	neutral
0	What did you dislike the most ?	neutral
1	I don't think that they had their act together . They didn't seem well prepared .	neutral
0	Did you think that the food was any good ?	neutral
1	I wasn't all that impressed by the food .	neutral
0	The service certainly could have been better .	neutral
1	The service did not help the situation .	neutral
0	Is this a restaurant that you want to come back to ?	neutral
1	I am not interested in trying this restaurant again .	disgust

0	Let me see your passport . Is London your final destination ?	neutral
1	No . I am a transit passenger going to Sweden .	neutral
0	How long are you going to stay here ?	neutral
1	Only one night .	neutral
0	Do you have any dutiable items ?	neutral
1	No , I don't .	neutral
0	What are these ?	neutral
1	They are my personal effects .	neutral

0	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	neutral
1	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	neutral
0	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	neutral
1	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	neutral
0	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	neutral
1	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	neutral
0	Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?	neutral
1	You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .	neutral
0	What did you find out when you did the inspection of my new home ?	neutral
1	There were no major problems . One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found .	neutral

0	How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day with your wife ?	neutral
1	I will take a rain check .	neutral

0	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	anger
1	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	neutral
0	My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .	anger
1	Did you ever talk to him about it ?	neutral

0	What can I do for you today ?	neutral
1	I have a question .	neutral
0	What do you need to know ?	neutral
1	I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need ?	neutral
0	It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course .	neutral
1	I need to get my license .	neutral
0	You're going to need to complete six hours .	neutral
1	How many hours a day can I do ?	neutral
0	You can do two hours a day for three days .	neutral
1	That's all I need to do to finish ?	neutral
0	Yes , that's all you need to do .	neutral
1	Thanks . I'll get back to you .	happiness

0	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ?	neutral
1	Yes , please .	neutral
0	OK . I'll get the bellman to taka them up . Which bags are yours ?	neutral
1	My luggage is in the corner over there . They are the leather suitcase , the canvass holdall and the blue backpack .	neutral
0	OK .	neutral
1	Please be careful with the suitcase , it's very heavy .	neutral
0	I'll let the bellboy know . Don't worry , he's very strong .	neutral
1	And the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too .	neutral
0	Of course .	neutral

0	How far do we have to go ?	neutral
1	About 50 miles .	neutral
0	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	neutral
1	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .	neutral
0	Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .	neutral
1	But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ’ t it ?	neutral
0	Right .	neutral

0	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	neutral
1	Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !	happiness
0	Actually , uh , I made it myself ...	neutral
1	You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...	surprise
0	Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy your food , and ring the service button if you need anything else !	happiness

0	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?	neutral
1	With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	neutral
0	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .	neutral
1	Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?	neutral
0	He must have just got online for the first time last week . He still thinks it's some kind of new toy .	neutral

0	Okay , so we're agreed on 900 .	neutral
1	I'm happy with that price .	neutral
0	Let's shake on it .	neutral
1	Okay , let's shake on it .	neutral

0	May I help you ?	neutral
1	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	neutral
0	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .	neutral
1	That's fine .	neutral
0	Your total comes to $ 7 .	neutral
1	Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?	neutral
0	Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .	neutral
1	Thanks .	happiness

0	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	neutral
1	Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?	neutral
0	Well , the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account , I would recommend the Type A Account for you .	neutral
1	Thanks for your time . I'll go and discuss everything with my partner and I'll be back later .	neutral

0	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	neutral
1	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .	neutral
0	It sounds like you're coming down with something .	neutral

0	Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ?	neutral
1	I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ?	neutral
0	I want to get cigarettes .	neutral
1	You can use quarters , dimes and nickels .	neutral

0	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	neutral
1	May I see your ticket please ?	neutral
0	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	neutral
1	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	neutral
0	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	neutral
1	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	happiness
0	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	neutral
1	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	neutral
0	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	neutral
1	Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30	neutral

0	Which university did you graduate from ?	neutral
1	I graduated from Peking University .	neutral
0	What was your major at university ?	neutral
1	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	neutral
0	What course did you like best ?	neutral
1	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	neutral
0	What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?	neutral
1	I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .	neutral

0	Marco has fallen off a ladder . I think he's hurt his back . What shall we do ?	neutral
1	We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider .	neutral

0	Have you ever shopped online ?	neutral
1	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	happiness
0	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	neutral
1	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	neutral
0	What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?	neutral
1	Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .	neutral
0	It is so nice of you .	happiness

0	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	happiness
1	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	neutral
0	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	neutral
1	It's important to do proper exercises .	neutral
0	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	neutral
1	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	neutral
0	Sounds reasonable .	neutral
1	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	neutral
0	And fruits !	neutral
1	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	neutral
0	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?	neutral
1	Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .	neutral
0	I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .	neutral
1	You bet it !	happiness

0	What's your main range ?	neutral
1	Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .	neutral
0	I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .	neutral
1	To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .	neutral
0	Then I'd like to know your availability of the products and the terms of sales , such as mode of payment , delivery , discounts , etc .	neutral

0	I have learnt how to ride a bicycle . I plan to go to the Water Park by bike this weekend .	neutral
1	Well , you know , the traffic in Beijing is sometimes dangerous . Therefore , I have to remind you of something . First , you should obey the traffic rules , don't break in the red light . Second , don't play a joke with your friends when riding on the bike . Third , do not hurry up when riding , or would make an accident . Finally , remember come on the left and go on the right !	neutral
0	Oh , my dear sister , I am no longer a baby !	anger

0	You have a lovely house , Jack .	neutral
1	Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .	sadness
0	That's too bad . What problems are you having .	sadness
1	Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .	neutral
0	I've studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?	neutral
1	Go right ahead .	neutral
0	Well , I think a crystal chandelier would look great in your living room , and maybe some new drapes for the windows . Also , a grandfather clock would look great in the den . Perhaps you could buy some potted plants for the dining room	neutral
1	Wow , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions .	happiness
0	You are welcome , Jack . Glad to be of help .	happiness

0	Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne .	neutral
1	Nice to see you with us , Anne.Please make yourself at home .	happiness
0	Thank you.You ' re so considerate .	happiness

0	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	neutral
1	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	neutral
0	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	neutral
1	Surely , of course .	happiness
0	Where is the fitting room ?	neutral
1	It's there , near the mirror .	neutral

0	I'm a little nervous .	fear
1	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	neutral
0	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	neutral
1	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .	neutral
0	Just in case , right ?	neutral
1	Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .	neutral

0	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	neutral
1	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	neutral
0	When is your flight ?	neutral
1	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?	neutral
0	we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral
0	Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes .	neutral
0	You must weigh that as well .	neutral
1	all right .	neutral
0	Your luggage is two pounds over . I ’ m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge , Sir .	neutral
1	How much must I pay ?	neutral
0	It ’ s ten yuan .	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral
0	This is your luggage check Which You must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	neutral
1	Thanks .	neutral
0	Now , please wait until your flight is called . There's about twenty-five minutes to go .	neutral
1	I ’ m a little nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before .	fear
0	There ’ s nothing at all to worry about . Once you are in the air , it ’ s just like sitting at your sitting room . It ’ s going to be a very pleasant flight .	neutral

0	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?	neutral
1	Yes , please .	neutral
0	Will this table be all right ?	neutral
1	Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	neutral
0	Certainly . How about this one ?	neutral
1	This will be fine , thanks .	happiness
0	( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .	neutral
1	Thank you .	happiness

0	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	neutral
1	What is your problem ?	neutral
0	My children can never be obedient even if I criticized them severely .	neutral
1	You need not always do that . Why don ’ t you pat them on the back occasionally ?	neutral

0	Can I have the window seat over there ?	neutral
1	Sorry , sir . That table has been booked .	sadness
0	Well , in that case , this table is the only choice .	neutral
1	Actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait .	neutral
0	There is no need . Thanks .	happiness

0	I'm hungry .	neutral
1	So am I .	neutral
0	Where should we go eat today ?	neutral
1	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	neutral
0	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	neutral
1	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	surprise
0	What do they have ?	neutral
1	They sell everything .	neutral
0	Well , I want Chinese food .	neutral
1	I've gotten chow mein from there before .	neutral
0	I guess we can eat there then .	neutral
1	Trust me , the food isn't half bad .	neutral

0	Hi , who has the remote control ?	neutral
1	I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ?	neutral
0	Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more .	anger
1	I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .	neutral
0	Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?	neutral
1	Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .	neutral
0	Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .	neutral
1	What's on today ?	neutral
0	A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .	neutral
1	Really ? I'm interested in it .	neutral
0	It might begin now .	neutral

0	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	neutral
1	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?	neutral
0	I think I forgot to send it in !	surprise
1	You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .	neutral
0	Can I send it in now ?	neutral
1	You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ’ t been , we will still accept it .	neutral
0	Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ’ t late ?	neutral
1	Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .	neutral
0	Will my paycheck come right away now ?	neutral
1	Your check will arrive a little late .	neutral

0	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am .	neutral
0	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	neutral
1	How do you do ?	neutral
0	How do you do ?	neutral
1	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .	happiness
0	Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?	neutral
1	No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .	happiness
0	It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .	happiness
1	Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here .	happiness

0	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .	neutral
1	Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?	neutral
0	Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .	neutral
1	Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .	neutral
0	How much is it ?	neutral
1	180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .	neutral
0	What's included in the gift package ?	neutral
1	Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .	neutral
0	Sounds not bad .	happiness

0	Hello , Oriental Hotel .	neutral
1	I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .	neutral
0	I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ?	neutral
1	Yes.Tell him Mr.Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .	neutral
0	All right , Mr . Cook . I'll have Mr . Baker call you back as soon as he gets here .	neutral

0	How do you spend your day , Helen ?	neutral
1	Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .	neutral
0	Really ? What time do you go to work ?	neutral
1	I start work at three .	neutral
0	And when do you get home at night ?	neutral
1	I get home pretty late , around midnight .	neutral
0	So what do you do , exactly ?	neutral
1	I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !	surprise
0	Gee , I'm sorry . I don't watch TV .	neutral

0	They don't really think you took it , do they ?	neutral
1	I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .	disgust
0	How many of them were there ?	neutral
1	Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .	disgust
0	Like what ?	neutral
1	Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .	disgust
0	What on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing ?	neutral
1	I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning .	disgust
0	Oh well , that's it . They obviously think you're a desperate criminal and you have to steal to eat . I should think you'll get thirty years .	neutral
1	Hmm . Thank you very much .	neutral

0	What a mess !	disgust
1	Sorry . I'll clean it up .	neutral

0	What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	neutral
0	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	neutral
1	My son . He is two years old .	neutral
0	I see , sir . This one is very good .	neutral
1	Is it ?	neutral
0	You may rest assured . It sells well .	neutral
1	May I have a look at the introduction ?	neutral
0	Certainly . Here it is .	happiness

0	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	neutral
1	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	neutral
0	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	neutral
1	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?	neutral
0	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .	neutral
1	That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?	happiness
0	Just sign right here , please . That's everything you need to do .	neutral
1	Perfect . Thank you , goodbye !	happiness

0	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	neutral
1	Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .	neutral
0	Is it far ?	neutral
1	No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .	neutral
0	Thanks a lot	happiness
1	You are welcome	happiness

0	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	neutral
1	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	neutral
0	No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .	happiness
1	Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .	happiness
0	Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?	happiness
1	Sure . I ’ ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .	happiness
0	Very good . Now , if you will accompany me , we can take your measurements and choose the patterns for your suit and shirts .	happiness

0	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	neutral
1	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	neutral
0	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	neutral
1	One day more .	neutral
0	It means that we will arrive on the same day .	neutral
1	Yes .	neutral

0	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?	neutral
1	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .	neutral
0	How far is it from our hotel ?	neutral
1	It's about 5 kilometers .	neutral
0	If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?	neutral
1	I think so . We can go there in the afternoon if you like .	neutral

0	I need a taxi , please .	neutral
1	We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle ?	neutral
0	No , thanks . A taxi is just fine .	neutral
1	May I suggest a limo ? It's nice to pamper yourself .	neutral
0	I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you .	neutral
1	I understand . And where will you be going ?	neutral
0	Rockefeller Center .	neutral
1	And what time would you like to be picked up ?	neutral
0	The sooner the better .	neutral
1	A taxi will be here shortly , sir .	neutral
0	Great ! And remember , a taxi , not a limo .	neutral
1	A taxi it is , sir .	neutral

0	It's your turn now , Helen .	neutral
1	OK . I'm coming .	neutral
0	This is your song . I picked it for you .	neutral
1	Thank you . You are so considerate .	neutral
0	Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .	neutral
1	OK . This key is too high for me .	neutral
0	I think it's a piece of cake for you .	neutral
1	OK . Let me have a try ...	neutral
0	Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .	happiness
1	Thank you . I'm sure you will .	happiness
0	I hope so . Thank you for saying so .	happiness

0	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	neutral
1	Sure , what is the problem ?	neutral
0	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	neutral
1	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	neutral
0	Which do you prefer ?	neutral
1	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	neutral
0	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?	neutral
1	You can take an antihistamine .	neutral
0	Thank you so much for all of the information .	neutral
1	You are welcome . Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help .	neutral

0	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	neutral
0	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	neutral
1	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	neutral
0	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?	neutral
1	Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?	neutral
0	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .	neutral
1	Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower ?	neutral
0	All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .	neutral
1	Does the room have an Internet connection ?	neutral
0	Yes , all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet .	neutral
1	Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel ?	neutral
0	Yes , breakfast is included in the price . Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast or a continental breakfast .	happiness
1	That's great . Can I book the room ?	happiness
0	Certainly , Sir .	happiness

0	John ? It ’ s Susan Miller .	neutral
1	Hi , Susan . What ’ s up ?	neutral
0	Do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? I want to give my secretary a copy .	neutral
1	I ’ m sorry . I have no idea . I haven ’ t seen that for ages .	neutral

0	Sir what's the boarding time ?	neutral
1	I am sorry.The flight is late.Please go to the waiting room for further notice .	neutral
0	I don't want to miss my flight .	neutral
1	Don't worry . We will keep you well informed .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral

0	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	neutral
1	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	sadness
0	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	neutral
1	Do you know a lot about cars ?	neutral
0	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	neutral
1	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	happiness
0	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	neutral
1	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	neutral
0	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	neutral
1	You do ?	neutral
0	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	neutral
1	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	neutral
0	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	neutral
1	What kind of deal ?	neutral
0	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .	neutral
1	You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?	neutral
0	I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .	neutral
1	If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?	neutral
0	Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .	neutral
1	It's a deal , Hal . Thanks again for stopping to help . And thanks for smashing my car !	happiness

0	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	neutral
1	What are the allowances ?	neutral
0	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	neutral
1	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?	neutral
0	As a new-comer , you usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember you have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave .	neutral
1	Will our company have some recreational activities ?	neutral
0	Of course . In spring and autumn , we will hold some sports actives . And in movie seasons , we bulk purchase film tickets .	neutral

0	I will take it . How much ?	neutral
1	$ 60 .	neutral
0	I am sure you can do better than that .	neutral
1	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .	sadness
0	Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?	neutral
1	It's my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .	neutral

0	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	neutral
1	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?	neutral
0	I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes .	sadness
1	That's all right .	neutral

0	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .	neutral
1	Yes , what do you want to know ?	neutral
0	The information is scanty for me . And can you describe the responsibilities of the position ?	neutral
1	Yes . Copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company .	neutral

0	How would you like your hair set ?	neutral
1	I'd like to have it in big waves .	neutral
0	Shall I put some oil on ? B	neutral

0	Hello , Jack . I'm John .	neutral
1	I'm glad to see you !	happiness
0	Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .	neutral
1	Yes , I know .	neutral
0	When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .	neutral
1	Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?	neutral
0	Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .	neutral
1	It sounds great !	happiness
0	If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .	neutral
1	OK .	neutral
0	You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?	neutral
1	How long will the induction training be ?	neutral
0	About two weeks .	neutral
1	I see .	neutral
0	If you don't have other questions , just sign here .	neutral
1	OK .	neutral

0	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	neutral
1	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	neutral
0	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	neutral
1	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .	neutral
0	Can I get you anything to drink ? :	neutral
1	Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .	neutral
0	Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .	neutral
1	Thank you .	happiness

0	Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna ?	neutral
1	I'd love to .	neutral
0	First , put away your toys .	neutral
1	OK .	neutral
0	I'll get the flour out .	neutral
1	Let me help you .	neutral

0	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	neutral
1	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .	neutral
0	This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .	neutral
1	If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .	neutral
0	Then what ’ s your counter-offer ?	neutral
1	This is our counter-offer .	neutral
0	We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .	neutral
1	So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .	neutral
0	How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?	neutral
1	Agreed .	neutral

0	What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ?	neutral
1	I usually have cereal for breakfast .	neutral
0	But isn't it served with cold milk ?	neutral
1	Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up .	neutral
0	Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .	neutral
1	Is that right ?	neutral
0	But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .	neutral
1	With cold milk ?	neutral
0	With cold milk !	neutral

0	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	happiness
1	That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .	happiness
0	It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?	neutral
1	That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .	neutral
0	Certainly .	neutral

0	Hi , I need to copy something right now .	neutral
1	Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .	neutral
0	Great ! How much per copy ?	neutral
1	Sir , one copy is ten cents .	neutral
0	Okay , I'll be down there shortly .	neutral
1	You probably won't have to wait for anyone , sir .	neutral

0	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !	happiness
1	Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .	happiness
0	No , we just don ’ t usually admit it !	happiness
1	Well , thanks for the compliment anyway !	happiness

0	This Olympic park is so big !	surprise
1	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .	neutral
0	Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?	surprise
1	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	neutral
0	How many seats are there in the stand ?	neutral
1	Oh , there are 5000 seats in total .	neutral
0	I didn ’ t know it would be so big !	surprise
1	It is ! Look there , those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over there .	neutral
0	Ah ... I see . Hey , look the sign here , No climbing .	neutral
1	We put many signs with English translations for foreign visitors .	neutral

0	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	neutral
1	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	neutral
0	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	neutral
1	Well , maybe you could get a two-bedroom apartment downtown and share the rent with a roommate .	neutral
0	Oh , great idea !	happiness

0	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	neutral
1	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	happiness
0	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	neutral
1	What was so bad about it ?	neutral
0	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .	neutral
1	Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ’ t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .	neutral
0	Totally agree . By the way , the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506 . You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor .	neutral

0	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	neutral
1	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .	neutral
0	Yes , I ’ m pleased to see that you also got a distinction .	happiness
1	Yes that ’ s right . I ’ Ve always enjoyed studying . My friends say I ’ m a bit of a bookworm , but my father always pushed us to succeed academically .	neutral
0	Well , it looks like his encouragement paid off Rebecca . So how about extracurricular activities at University ?	neutral
1	Well I ’ Ve always been keen on writing , so I became the editor for the University student magazine , which I really loved . Also I volunteered for a group called Shelter , to help the homeless in York .	neutral
0	What did that involve ?	neutral
1	Providing warm meals and shelter , especially in the winter months . I found it really fulfilling to be part of that group .	neutral
0	I ’ m sure . Okay , now let ’ s move on to your work experience , shall we ?	neutral
1	Yes , okay .	neutral

0	Could you change these for me , please ?	neutral
1	What would you like ?	neutral
0	Twenties and some smaller bills , please .	neutral
1	Anything else ?	neutral
0	Yes . Could you tell many balance ? Here's account number .	neutral

0	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	neutral
1	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	neutral
0	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	neutral
1	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	neutral
0	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral

0	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	neutral
1	Do you have a map of the campus ?	neutral
0	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .	neutral
1	Do you know where your classes are ?	neutral
0	More or less . I go to three different buildings , and always get there late . I feel so hopeless . I don ’ t know why I am late all the time . No one else seems to be .	neutral
1	That's because you don't know the short cuts . You'll learn them after a while . I can show you the ropes .	neutral

0	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	neutral
1	Which train do you like ?	neutral
0	T112 to Washington please .	neutral
1	May I have your name ?	neutral
0	That's Lincoln .	neutral

0	Will you be voting ?	neutral
1	I can ’ t wait to vote .	neutral
0	Who are you voting for ?	neutral
1	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .	neutral
0	What do you like about him ?	neutral
1	He is very intelligent .	neutral
0	You think so ?	neutral
1	That ’ s right . Plus , I agree with his policies .	happiness
0	I ’ m glad to hear that you are so excited .	happiness
1	I ’ m voting for the next President .	happiness
0	I ’ m sure he will be .	happiness
1	I ’ m going to make sure and vote .	neutral

0	Good morning . May I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	neutral
0	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	neutral
1	What's the 14 pounds for ?	neutral
0	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	neutral
1	Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?	neutral
0	Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral
0	Could you sign each cheque here for me ?	neutral
1	Sure .	neutral
0	Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .	happiness
1	Thank you . Goodbye .	happiness

0	What type of people do you work with most effectively ?	neutral
1	I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward.It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive .	neutral
0	What things impress you in your colleagues ?	neutral
1	I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .	neutral
0	What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?	neutral
1	The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .	neutral
0	How do you organize and plan for major projects ?	neutral
1	I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario.Then , I set a timetable that's realistic.What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .	neutral
0	Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .	neutral
1	I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks.The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me.Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .	neutral
0	How do you manage your time in a typical day ?	neutral
1	I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value.The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .	neutral
0	Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .	neutral
1	I changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings .	neutral

0	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	neutral
1	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	disgust
0	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	neutral
1	Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .	disgust
0	It's worth a shot . Maybe we'll get some luck in thinking up something for this case .	neutral

0	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	sadness
1	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .	neutral
0	What did he say ?	neutral
1	He said there was a traffic jam , but he is coming .	neutral
0	He shouldn't drive his car . He should come here by bus .	neutral

0	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	neutral
1	Some what ?	neutral
0	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .	neutral
1	No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?	neutral
0	Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .	neutral
1	Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?	neutral
0	Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .	neutral
1	What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .	neutral
0	Don't worry . We'll just get a doggie bag .	neutral

0	Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ?	neutral
1	I know something about it . Our company often organizes all kinds of lectures to improve our professional skills .	neutral
0	It takes most of our weekends to listen to these boring lectures , so I can not bear it anymore . It is said that they think out some tests to check our management skills .	neutral
1	Is that true ?	surprise
0	Definitely !	neutral
1	If that information is exact , I guess our company is willing to promote someone .	neutral

0	Hello sir , how may I help you ?	neutral
1	I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .	neutral
0	I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?	neutral
1	It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry .	neutral
0	Very well.This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .	neutral
1	I think I ’ m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?	neutral
0	Mmm , well this is our I ’ m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .	neutral
1	I don ’ t think that ’ s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !	neutral
0	I ’ m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?	surprise
1	Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .	neutral
0	Get out of my store , you jerk !	anger

0	I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?	anger
1	I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .	neutral
0	You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?	anger
1	I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .	neutral
0	Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .	neutral
1	Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .	neutral
0	How many people are on the waiting list right now ?	neutral
1	Right now I show that there are 176 people on the list . And you are number 176 .	neutral

0	How do you think they could be ended ?	neutral
1	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	neutral
0	So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them .	neutral
1	It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries .	neutral
0	Yes , it is.One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive .	neutral

0	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	neutral
1	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	neutral
0	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	anger
1	You ’ re right , sir . I apologize . I ’ ll get those files for you now .	neutral

0	What sort of job would you like to take ?	neutral
1	I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator .	neutral
0	We need an operator now .	neutral
1	It's just the job I've been searching for .	neutral

0	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	neutral
1	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	neutral
0	And it takes up all the news .	neutral
1	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	neutral
0	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .	neutral
1	Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .	neutral
0	I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .	neutral
1	Another place you can get real insight is European papers . You can get them on-line .	neutral

0	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	neutral
1	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	neutral
0	Sure . No problem .	neutral
1	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?	neutral
0	Sure . Do you have my number ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .	neutral
0	No problem . I'll wait for your call .	neutral

0	What are you typing there ?	neutral
1	I'm working on my resume .	neutral
0	Really ? Did you find any information about a new job ?	surprise
1	Yeah , I just got some good information off the internet .	neutral
0	Great ! Do you think you have a chance at getting the job ?	happiness
1	I didn ’ t just find out about one job . There were several ones that looked good .	neutral
0	Maybe I should try looking on the web for work .	neutral
1	Sure you have to be patient . But I think it ’ s much less trouble to sit in front of a computer than to go door to door or to make a lot of phone calls .	neutral
0	But there must be so many people who also see the advertisement for that job on the net . You might have no chance .	neutral
1	How do you know if you don ’ t have a try ?	neutral

0	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	neutral
1	Is this the one you want ?	neutral
0	No , the one next to it .	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral
0	Thanks . What kind of stone is this ?	neutral
1	It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ?	neutral
0	Yes , please . How much is it ?	neutral
1	It costs $ 200 .	neutral
0	It looks good . OK . I'll take it .	happiness

0	Happy birthday , Jim !	happiness
1	Thank you , Lisa .	happiness
0	Here is a present for you . I hope you like it .	happiness
1	Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .	surprise
0	I'm very glad to hear that .	happiness
1	Come here , let me introduce some friends to you .	neutral

0	What's wrong with you ? You look pale .	neutral
1	I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .	neutral
0	When did the trouble start ?	neutral
1	I was sick most of the night .	neutral
0	It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .	neutral
1	Have I got a high fever ?	neutral
0	Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have .	neutral
0	Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '	neutral
1	Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .	neutral
0	Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .	neutral
1	All right , thanks .	neutral
0	The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .	neutral
1	What shall I do today ?	neutral
0	I'm giving you some antibiotics and aspirins . Take an aspirin when you've got a fever , and take one antibiotic capsule every four hours , and go home and rest in bed for two days . Drink plenty of water , then you'll feel better . Here's the prescription .	neutral

0	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .	neutral
1	You can be sure of that , sir .	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral

0	I called HP about my computer .	neutral
1	What did they say ?	neutral
0	They said I need a new hard drive .	neutral
1	That's too bad . How much is a new one ?	neutral
0	It's not too much , only about $ 85 .	neutral
1	Plus installation ?	neutral
0	No , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace .	neutral
1	Really ?	neutral
0	Yes , it's just a couple of screws .	neutral
1	That's nice .	happiness
0	It's a lot better than paying someone $ 60 .	neutral
1	If my hard drive crashes , I'll just call you .	neutral

0	Gosh , it's 7:30 , I'll miss the first class .	neutral
1	Don't get up so late next time . You should have gone to bed earlier last night .	neutral
0	Yes , Mum .	neutral

0	Is there anything wrong ?	neutral
1	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	neutral
0	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	neutral
1	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	neutral
0	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	neutral
1	But I just want to give her some tips .	neutral
0	Oh , she can make her own decisions .	neutral
1	I guess you are right .	neutral
0	Believe me . Everything will be ok .	neutral
1	I hope so .	neutral

0	It's beautiful here .	happiness
1	Yes . I feel refreshed .	happiness
0	How long will we dock ?	neutral
1	In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .	neutral
0	Yes . We come at the right time .	neutral

0	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	happiness
1	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	happiness
0	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	neutral
1	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	neutral
0	let's see how much the bill is .	neutral
1	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	neutral
0	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	neutral
1	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	neutral
0	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .	neutral
1	alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .	neutral
0	that's better . This way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .	neutral
1	just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok ?	neutral
0	you've got a deal .	happiness
1	great . Bye .	happiness
0	bye .	happiness

0	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	neutral
1	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	neutral
0	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	neutral
1	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	neutral
0	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	neutral
1	And Seattle is the home of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a great place . I can't miss it .	neutral

0	This looks like a very nice house .	happiness
1	You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .	happiness
0	The style of the exterior is just what I ’ Ve been looking for !	happiness
1	The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .	happiness
0	This home is gorgeous on the inside !	happiness
1	Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .	neutral
0	The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .	happiness
1	Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .	neutral
0	I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .	happiness
1	The master suite is the best . Let ’ s go look at that next .	happiness
0	There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .	happiness
1	I know that you like this house , but let ’ s take a look at the others before you make up your mind .	neutral

0	Room service.What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .	neutral
0	Sorry sir , we will bring you one.Anything else ?	neutral
1	Yes.Bring me a bath towel as well .	neutral

0	Good afternoon.British Airline.Is there any thing I can do for you ?	neutral
1	Can I make a reservation for flight FW58 to San Marino ?	neutral
0	Sure . When do you want to take the plane ?	neutral
1	Next Monday .	neutral
0	Will that be first class or economy seat ?	neutral
1	What's the fare for a first class seat ?	neutral
0	$ 200 .	neutral
1	Oh . I am not a wall streeter.Give me an economy one please .	neutral

0	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	neutral
1	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	neutral
0	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	neutral
1	And I can purchase that here ?	neutral
0	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .	neutral

0	Are there any beds vacant ?	neutral
1	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	neutral
0	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .	neutral
1	Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .	neutral
0	Well , that's fine .	neutral

0	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	neutral
1	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	neutral
0	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	surprise
1	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t	neutral
0	Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?	neutral
1	Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .	neutral
0	Well , welcome to the team .	neutral

0	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	neutral
1	Oh , thank you .	neutral
0	Is there anything I can do for you now ?	neutral
1	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .	neutral
0	Certainly , sir .	neutral

0	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	neutral
1	Marry Lin please .	neutral
0	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	neutral
1	All right , could I leave a message ?	neutral
0	Certainly !	neutral
1	Please ask her to call John .	neutral

0	Excuse me . Where is the way out ?	neutral
1	Well , that's what I'm looking for myself .	neutral
0	It's very confusing in here , isn't it ?	neutral
1	Absolutely . Oh , do you see a sign there ?	neutral
0	It should be the way out .	neutral
1	OK . Let's go and see .	neutral

0	Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough .	neutral
1	Well , sir , I think I have made a mistake . I will take it back to the kitchen right now .	sadness
0	I think you should be more careful next time .	neutral
1	Yes , sir . I'm really so sorry about that .	sadness

0	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	neutral
1	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	neutral
0	No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .	neutral
1	Well . I ’ m sorry you feel that way .	sadness

0	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	neutral
1	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?	neutral
0	Things are going well for me , Joe .	neutral
1	Want to go see a movie tonight ?	neutral
0	My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .	neutral
1	Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?	neutral
0	What movie did you want to see ?	neutral
1	There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .	neutral
0	I was thinking that I would like to see “ The Secret Life of Bees . ”	neutral
1	Oh great ! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to !	neutral

0	How's the bride-to-be ?	neutral
1	Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache .	sadness
0	Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !	happiness
1	I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !	fear
0	Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .	neutral
1	You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...	neutral
0	I will . Don't worry !	happiness

0	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	neutral
1	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	neutral
0	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	surprise
1	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	neutral
0	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	neutral
1	Nothing .	neutral
0	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	neutral
1	Promise that you won't get angry .	fear
0	OK , I promise . What is it ?	neutral
1	It's a kitty .	neutral
0	Oh , Jim . I told you . No pets . It'll make a mess of this house .	anger
1	Please , Mummy . Everybody else in my class keeps a pet . Please , I'll take care of it . It's a good kitty . It'll not bring you any trouble .	neutral
0	No way . It might belong to somebody else . You can't keep it here .	anger
1	Please , Mummy . I found it this afternoon by the garbage bin . It was starving and looking for something to eat . Please ! You see , it's so cute and tame .	neutral
0	All right . But you have to clean up everything it messes up .	neutral
1	I will . Thank you , Mummy .	happiness

0	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	neutral
1	Sure , anything you say .	happiness
0	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	neutral
1	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	happiness
0	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	neutral
1	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	neutral
0	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .	neutral
1	The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .	neutral
0	Let me write all that down . I ’ m going shopping this afternoon .	neutral

0	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	neutral
1	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .	neutral
0	So , it has a history for more than a decade ?	neutral
1	Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis .	neutral

0	What can I do for you , Madam ?	neutral
1	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	neutral
0	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	neutral
1	Well , everything really .	neutral
0	All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your Credit Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in .	neutral

0	Let's do something outdoors today .	neutral
1	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	neutral
0	Okay . what do you want to do ?	neutral
1	I want to go jogging .	neutral
0	All right . That sounds like fun .	happiness

0	Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note .	neutral
1	I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently.You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .	neutral
0	But I have been so busy all these days.Well , is there any other ticket available ? I want the next one .	neutral

0	The last thing to be ignored at a Chinese dinner table is to keep modest .	neutral
1	Does that suggest diners avoid speaking much ? The same is true in the West .	neutral
0	No , absolutely not ! On the contrary , you'll be considered a well-connected , sociable man , if you keep involved in the conversation all the time . But always pay attention to what you say . If the table has a senior guest , say something as upbeat and cheerful as possible . Or maybe , you may give the floor to him and keep listening as if very interested .	neutral
1	You mean , keeping a low profile in the presence of the old ? That goes in like with Confucius ' preachings , right ?	neutral
0	Correct . Show respect for the older people . Conventionally , before the meal starts , the younger members are supposed to address each one of the elderly members of the table one by one . Others are kept in waiting until the most venerable guest proclaim the beginning of the meal and takes the first bite . Toasts also go to these men first before people can toast to each other .	neutral
1	Any other rules to observe in order to keep modest ?	neutral
0	Yes , plenty of them . Don't eat fast ! People usually keep their dining pace accorded with others . And all the dishes should not be eaten up completely .	neutral
1	Is it because that would give the host the impression that the food was insufficient ?	neutral
0	Haha , I'm afraid it's simply because no one wishes to be too noticeable by finishing off the plate .	happiness

0	Our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... Could you make an order for a new set ?	neutral
1	We will need new cartridges for all of the office printers ? That will be a large order , probably about two or three cases . The office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock .	neutral
0	You can double check with the housekeeping department , but I am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges . Last time when we made our order to the supplier , the quantity was also especially high . They are used to receiving such bulk orders from us . As long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance , they can usually fill the order .	neutral
1	OK , I will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure . Is there anything else we need to order while I am at it ?	neutral
0	I think the only thing is toner . Try to see if they can deliver it before the end of business day tomorrow . We should really try to do better about waiting until the last minute to fill orders that are usually made on a monthly basis . Anyhow , see what you can do to expedite the order this time .	neutral
1	OK , will do .	neutral

0	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	neutral
1	What size do you want ?	neutral
0	I wear size 40 .	neutral
1	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	neutral
0	Oh , I like the color .	happiness

0	May I help you ?	neutral
1	I'm looking for a pair of shoes .	neutral
0	What size do you wear ? These shoes are on sale .	neutral
1	I wear size 36.This pair looks nice.Can I try them on ?	neutral
0	Of course , yes.They look nice.And they're not expensive .	happiness
1	How much are they ?	neutral
0	They are $ 168 .	neutral
1	I'll take them .	neutral

0	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?	neutral
1	I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?	neutral
0	Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .	neutral
1	Sounds practical ! To be honest , sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career . I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills .	neutral
0	Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . It seems that you need this course more than I do . I love my current job . If I take this course , I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at work . If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . I need these to improve my current work performance .	neutral
1	Ok , then we can sign up for it together .	neutral

0	Who's it knocking at the door ?	neutral
1	I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door ?	neutral
0	All right . I'll get it .	neutral

0	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	neutral
1	No , we don't .	neutral
0	How many of you , please ?	neutral
1	Six , including two kids .	neutral
0	I'm afraid all the big tables are taken .	neutral

0	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	neutral
1	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	neutral
0	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	neutral
1	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	neutral
0	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	neutral
1	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	neutral
0	How will I know what the numbers mean ?	neutral
1	You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .	neutral
0	How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?	neutral
1	We put all of your test results up in the same place . Just check the dates for what you need .	neutral

0	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	neutral
1	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	neutral
0	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	neutral
1	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	neutral
0	What's your proposal ?	neutral
1	Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway .	neutral
0	Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible !	neutral
1	What would you suggest ?	neutral
0	The best we can do is another 30 dollars off . That's definitely the lowest we can go .	neutral
1	That still leaves a gap of 20 dollars . Let's meet each other half-away again and split the difference ; I think this is a price we can both be satisfied with .	neutral
0	OK . We can meet halfway again .	neutral

0	Hello .	neutral
1	Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?	neutral
0	No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?	neutral
1	Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?	neutral
0	B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .	neutral
1	Oh , you mean Canal Street ?	surprise
0	That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .	neutral
1	Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?	neutral
0	At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?	neutral
1	I cannot get hold of her yet .	neutral
0	See you around , Carl .	neutral
1	See you later .	neutral

0	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	neutral
1	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	neutral
0	What about your use of raw materials ?	neutral
1	Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more .	neutral
0	What happens if you exceed the limits ?	neutral
1	We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine .	neutral

0	Have you got any better ?	neutral
1	That's the best there is .	neutral
0	Okay , I'll take one .	neutral
1	That'll be $ 200 , sir .	neutral

0	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	neutral
1	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?	neutral
0	No problem , sir . Everything will be ready when you come back .	happiness

0	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?	neutral
1	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .	neutral
0	What are the internal factors that influence the company ?	neutral
1	The internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc .	neutral

0	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	neutral
1	What words ? Can you tell me ?	neutral
0	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	neutral
1	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	neutral
0	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	neutral
1	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	neutral
0	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	neutral
1	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .	neutral
0	I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .	neutral

0	How can I help you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	neutral
0	Do you have an appointment ?	neutral
1	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	neutral
0	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	neutral
1	Sure .	neutral
0	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?	neutral
1	That would be very nice . Thank you .	neutral
0	Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . There is a conference room already prepared	neutral

0	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	neutral
1	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	neutral
0	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	neutral
1	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	neutral
0	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	neutral
1	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	neutral
0	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	neutral
1	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .	neutral
0	Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?	neutral
1	yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .	neutral
0	I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .	neutral
1	people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .	neutral
0	I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .	neutral
1	that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .	neutral
0	thank goodness we're not rich and famous !	neutral
1	being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich .	neutral

0	Next , please .	neutral
1	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	neutral
0	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	neutral
1	Yes , I have known of it .	neutral
0	How much do you like to exchange ?	neutral
1	20,000 RIB .	neutral
0	In what denominations ?	neutral
1	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	neutral
0	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	neutral
1	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	neutral
0	OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .	neutral
1	It doesn't matter .	neutral
0	Please sign the memo on the bottom and keep your money and memo .	neutral
1	Thanks a lot . Good-bye .	neutral

0	Why are you holding me in this jail cell ?	neutral
1	We'd like to hear your account of the events of last night .	neutral

0	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?	neutral
1	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	neutral
0	Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .	neutral
1	Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...	neutral
0	And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .	neutral
1	Which is more expensive ?	neutral
0	But very much quicker . But I know we'll never agree on this subject . You prefer the car . I prefer the train .	neutral
1	Now , have you ever thought of going by express bus ?	neutral

0	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	neutral
1	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	happiness
0	Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .	neutral
1	They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses . Let ’ s see what the inside looks like .	happiness
0	I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .	neutral
1	Signing the registry is a good idea . I think I want to see the kitchen next .	happiness
0	I really appreciate that the listing agent provided water on such a hot day .	happiness
1	I need to pick up a flyer with the information about the house on it .	neutral
0	Is the current asking price listed on the flyer ?	neutral
1	The asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars .	neutral

0	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	neutral
1	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	surprise
0	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	neutral
1	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .	neutral
0	Isn't this the car store ?	neutral
1	No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .	neutral
0	Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?	neutral
1	No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .	neutral
0	I'm sorry to have bothered you .	sadness
1	No problem .	happiness

0	How about going to the cinema tonight ?	neutral
1	That's great . What's on tonight ?	neutral
0	I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .	neutral
1	Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .	neutral
0	Don't you think it's too bloody ?	neutral
1	On the contrary , very exciting .	happiness

0	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	neutral
1	What day was your appointment on ?	neutral
0	My appointment was on Monday .	neutral
1	What time had you chosen ?	neutral
0	It was for 10	neutral
1	I am looking at your appointment right now . What day would you prefer ?	neutral
0	I would prefer next Thursday .	neutral
1	What time would be best for you ?	neutral
0	I want to come in at 2	neutral
1	I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you .	neutral

0	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	neutral
1	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .	neutral
0	Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?	neutral
1	Well , it still hasn ’ t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it .	neutral

0	Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto .	happiness
1	Thank you . It's a pleasure to meet you .	happiness
0	A pleasure meeting you as well , the flowers are for you .	happiness
1	Thank you , they are beautiful .	happiness

0	I am really interested in buying this television .	happiness
1	That's so great !	happiness
0	How much are you selling it for ?	neutral
1	This t . v is only $ 2500 .	neutral
0	You can't be serious .	surprise
1	That's how much this t . v costs .	neutral
0	That's too expensive for me .	neutral
1	This television is of very high quality .	neutral
0	You can't go down on the price .	neutral
1	By how much ?	neutral
0	I'll buy it for $ 2000 .	neutral
1	I'm sorry , but the price is final .	sadness

0	Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?	neutral
1	Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession .	neutral
0	Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?	neutral
1	No .	neutral
0	Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?	neutral
1	Not at all . Go right ahead .	neutral
0	What ’ s this sir ?	neutral
1	It ’ s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .	neutral
0	What are these red things sir ?	neutral
1	Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .	neutral
0	I ’ m sorry sir , but you can ’ t take any of this into the country . We will also have to check your carry-on . Please step this way . Don ’ t ’ be nervous ; we ’ ll just look through it briefly and then	neutral

0	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	neutral
1	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	neutral
0	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	neutral
1	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	neutral
0	Can I leave a message please ?	neutral
1	Yes , certainly .	neutral
0	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .	neutral
1	All right . I'll tell him when he comes back .	neutral
0	Thank you very much .	neutral

0	Hey , son , are you insured ?	neutral
1	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	neutral
0	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	neutral
1	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	neutral
0	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	neutral
1	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	neutral
0	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?	neutral
1	That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?	neutral
0	A $ 100 000 policy shouldn't be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He'll give you a good deal .	neutral

0	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .	neutral
0	Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .	neutral
1	Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ’ s finished with it	neutral

0	Where are you going , Jane ?	neutral
1	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	neutral
0	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .	neutral
1	Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?	neutral
0	No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .	neutral
1	Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?	neutral
0	Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .	neutral
1	Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .	happiness
0	But number 13 buses leave from the center of town.You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one .	neutral

0	Good morning , Passport , please .	neutral
1	Here you are .	neutral
0	Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .	neutral
1	Ok.But is there anything wrong ?	neutral
0	It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?	neutral
1	I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne.Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .	neutral
0	Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free.You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .	neutral
1	Ok . Where shall I pay duty for it ?	neutral
0	Please wait a minute . I'll make out the duty memo ... Here you are.Take this and pay to the woman over there .	neutral
1	I've paid for it . Here's the receipt .	neutral
0	Very well . I hope you ' ll enjoy your stay in America .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral

0	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	neutral
1	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	neutral
0	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	neutral
1	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	neutral
0	Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .	neutral
1	How can I have the good external expressions ?	neutral
0	Don ’ t worry about that . You just pay more attention to the details of people ’ s action in life , and you will know how to transfer information by their body language .	neutral

0	Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ...	anger
1	Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot .	happiness
0	I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ...	anger
1	Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option.Thank you . You have selected withdrawal .	happiness
0	Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just gimme my money !	anger
1	Please type the amount you would like to withdraw . Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 .	happiness
0	No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No !	anger
1	Confirmed . Thank you for using our bank ! Please remove your card from the slot . Goodbye !	happiness
0	No , no way ! What happened ? Give me my money !	anger
1	Danger , danger ! The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive . Thank you for using our bank . Have a nice day .	happiness

0	Joe , how are you doing ?	neutral
1	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	neutral
0	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	neutral
1	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	neutral
0	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	neutral
1	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	neutral
0	What were you planning on seeing ?	neutral
1	I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .	neutral
0	How about “ The Secret Life of Bees ” ?	neutral
1	That's a chick flick !	neutral

0	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?	neutral
1	First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .	neutral
0	That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff .	neutral
1	I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency , because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of	neutral
0	Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .	neutral
1	Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD ?	neutral
0	The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ?	neutral
1	Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .	neutral
0	When will the branch office open ?	neutral
1	Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .	neutral
0	Has and advertising campaign been prepared ?	neutral
1	Yes , it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines .	neutral
0	I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers .	neutral

0	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I want to pick up my valuables .	neutral
0	May I have your key please ?	neutral
1	Sure . Here you are .	neutral
0	Here is your valuable . Is that right ?	neutral
1	Yes , thank you .	happiness

0	did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?	neutral
1	why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .	neutral
0	well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .	neutral
1	do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?	neutral
0	no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .	neutral
1	it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .	neutral
0	religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .	neutral
1	what do you think about abortion ?	neutral
0	I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .	neutral
1	do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?	neutral
0	I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .	neutral
1	why not ? It's their children , too .	neutral
0	that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .	neutral
1	that might be true , but I think men should have some kind of say in the matter .	neutral

0	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	neutral
1	But I don't have any reading assignments .	neutral
0	Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .	neutral
1	Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .	anger
0	You say that now , Lily , but you'll thank me later . I'm your mom , and mother knows best .	neutral

0	I'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position .	neutral
1	Sorry , we haven't made the decision at all .	neutral
0	Do you have any idea when you might arrive at a decision ?	neutral
1	We will let you know probably next Monday . I hope to give you a positive reply .	neutral
0	I'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision .	neutral

0	How did you find your apartment ?	neutral
1	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	neutral
0	What if I need a roommate ?	neutral
1	There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .	neutral
0	How much do apartments cost around here ?	neutral
1	It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?	neutral
0	I just need a one-bedroom apartment .	neutral
1	That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .	neutral
0	Would you come with me to look at apartments ?	neutral
1	I would be happy to look at apartments with you .	happiness

0	Have you heard what happened ?	neutral
1	Heard what ?	neutral
0	Deborah already had her baby .	neutral
1	I didn't know that .	neutral
0	I thought you knew .	neutral
1	I honestly didn't know .	neutral
0	The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .	neutral
1	That's good to hear .	happiness
0	Will you go and visit them ?	neutral
1	Of course I will .	neutral
0	I just wanted to give you the good news .	neutral
1	Thanks for letting me know .	neutral

0	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	surprise
1	But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !	neutral
0	Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .	neutral
1	That would be too late .	neutral
0	Maybe the situation is too urgent .	neutral
1	Yes , I think I should have jumped in any case .	neutral

0	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	neutral
1	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	neutral
0	What foods do you eat now ?	neutral
1	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	neutral
0	Those are the only things you eat ?	neutral
1	That's basically what I eat .	neutral
0	Why aren't you eating anything else ?	neutral
1	Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .	neutral
0	And the chicken ?	neutral
1	It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .	neutral
0	I guess that does sound a lot healthier .	happiness

0	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	happiness
1	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	happiness
0	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	happiness
1	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	happiness
0	Today is my first day at work !	happiness
1	Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .	happiness
0	Thank you . It's very kind of you .	happiness
1	You are welcome .	happiness

0	Do you have experience in advertising ?	neutral
1	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	neutral
0	What were you mean duties there ?	neutral
1	I mostly did advertising planning .	neutral
0	What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?	neutral
1	I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .	neutral
0	What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?	neutral
1	The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . If I want to make in marking in advertising industry , I can ’ t stop studying and creating .	neutral

0	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	neutral
1	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	neutral
0	That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !	neutral
1	Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded .	neutral
0	I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him .	neutral

0	Do you have anything to do after this ?	neutral
1	No , I don't .	neutral
0	Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?	happiness
1	That sounds like a good idea .	happiness
0	I know a very interesting place .	happiness
1	Oh , do you ? Good .	happiness

0	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	neutral
1	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	neutral
0	Then let's go in .	neutral
1	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	neutral
0	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	neutral
1	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	neutral
0	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	neutral
1	Yeah , a number of times .	neutral
0	What's he trying to pull anyway .	neutral
1	I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .	neutral
0	Maybe you should start seeing someone else .	neutral
1	You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy .	neutral

0	I can't believe how hot it is .	neutral
1	It's not even noon yet .	neutral
0	That means it will get hotter .	neutral
1	I am dying from the heat .	neutral
0	Turn on the air conditioner .	neutral
1	It doesn't work .	neutral
0	What happened ?	neutral
1	I don't know .	neutral
0	Did you call the repairman ?	neutral
1	Of course .	neutral
0	When is he coming ?	neutral
1	He's busy . He said next week .	neutral

0	Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .	happiness
1	Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself .	happiness
0	This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good .	happiness
1	I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .	happiness
0	Would you like another beer ?	happiness
1	I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .	happiness
0	Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !	happiness
1	Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back agile soon .	happiness

0	I have a complaint to make . The bill you sent me was incorrect . What's more , it isn't the first time	anger
1	Well , I must apologize , madam . We have new computers here , you know .	neutral
0	Don't you think it's about time you got them working properly ?	anger
1	I agree entirely . I assure you it won't happen again .	neutral

0	What's the weather forecast for today ?	neutral
1	Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .	neutral
0	Any rain ?	neutral
1	No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .	neutral
0	I wouldn't either . It's been looking like rain for several days .	neutral

0	Oh , Linda , you must be so excited about going to study in America .	happiness
1	Oh , yes , I am . I have always wanted to go to the States . I love meeting new people . And making new friends .	happiness
0	Well , I'm sure you will .	neutral
1	Well , there's one thing .	neutral
0	What's the matter	neutral
1	I'm a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement I have to do some cooking for them .	neutral

0	What are the most popular sports in your country ?	neutral
1	Swimming in summer and skating in winter.What ' s your favorite sport ?	neutral
0	Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?	neutral
1	No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing.People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning.It can help people keep fit.It has a history of over three hundred years .	neutral
0	Is it easy to learn ?	neutral
1	Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .	neutral
0	Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .	neutral
1	Right . Let's help each other .	happiness

0	When was America discovered , Tony ?	neutral
1	I'm not certain . Do you know ?	neutral
0	America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .	neutral
1	In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?	neutral
0	All right . Ask me a question now .	neutral
1	Who invented the electric light bulb ?	neutral
0	That's easy . It was invented by Edison .	neutral
1	Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?	neutral
0	I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .	neutral
1	Ask me a question now .	neutral
0	All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?	neutral
1	That's easy . It's .. er . Venus . NO . Pluto . No . Wait a minute . It's Anthe tip of my tongue . Oh dear , what is the nearest planet to the sun ?	neutral

0	Check out these wheels !	neutral
1	You bought a compact car ?	neutral
0	No , I borrowed it .	neutral
1	Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .	neutral
0	You guessed right . Besides , the color violet is a little girly for me .	neutral
1	I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo .	neutral

0	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	neutral
1	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	neutral
0	I am not sure .	neutral
1	Don ’ t lose your reason . Go to find him and talk with him .	neutral

0	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	neutral
1	You have much patience .	neutral
0	Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !	happiness
1	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	happiness
0	What does it say ?	neutral
1	This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "	neutral
0	That's very nice . Is it for sale ?	neutral
1	No . I never sell my artwork .	neutral
0	Really ? Then what do you do with it ?	surprise
1	I give it away . Here , this one is for you .	neutral
0	Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !	surprise
1	Remember , real luck must be created ( by ) yourself , and then it cannot be given or taken away ...	happiness

0	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	neutral
1	Very romantic ?	neutral
0	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	neutral
1	You married him for that reason ?	neutral
0	Definitely not . The most important thing was we loved each other .	neutral

0	It seldom rains this summer .	neutral
1	Yeah , some places are very short of water .	neutral
0	Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .	neutral
1	You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .	neutral
0	It is serious .	neutral

0	I'm looking forward to summer vacation .	happiness
1	Me too .	happiness

0	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .	happiness
1	She does have a heart of gold .	neutral
0	You can say that again .	happiness

0	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	neutral
1	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	neutral
0	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	neutral
1	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	neutral
0	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	neutral
1	All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks .	neutral

0	Can I help you , sir ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	neutral
0	Would you tell me the name of the book and the author ?	neutral
1	Uh , the Origin of Law . And it's written by Professor Felix of Harvard .	neutral
0	I'm sorry . It's out of stock now . Could you come by again next week ?	neutral
1	Next week ? It is too late . I need it urgently .	neutral
0	Well , then , is it convenient to leave your phone number so that I can inform you as soon as we restock it ?	neutral
1	No , thanks any way .	neutral
0	You're welcome .	neutral

0	Bob !	neutral
1	Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages.How ' Ve you been ?	neutral
0	Fine , just fine.And you ?	neutral
1	Not bad.It really is great to see you again.Where have you been ?	happiness
0	Guangzhou . I've got a cousin there .	neutral

0	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !	happiness
1	What's up , Robert ?	neutral
0	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !	happiness
1	Slow down . What are you talking about ?	neutral
0	It's about a girl . No , an angel ! I'm going to the coffee shop where she works right now .	happiness

0	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	neutral
1	Yes , may I help you ?	neutral
0	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .	neutral
1	What is your reservation number ?	neutral
0	Our reservation number is J - 221 .	neutral
1	Let me see . Oh , yes , we have your reservation number .	neutral
0	You mean you haven ’ t arranged any car ?	surprise
1	I ’ m sorry to say no .	neutral
0	Here I ’ ll take taxi instead , how do you refund us ?	neutral

0	What kind of gas does this car take ?	neutral
1	I don't know . It's a rental .	neutral
0	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?	neutral
1	Sure , why not ?	neutral
0	That is the pump you are in front of .	neutral
1	Is it expensive ?	neutral
0	It is the most expensive .	neutral
1	Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?	neutral
0	Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .	neutral
1	Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up.Can you wash my windows for me ?	neutral
0	I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .	sadness
1	Really ? Well , I guess I have to get used to it .	surprise

0	Mary , it's good to see you !	happiness
1	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	happiness
0	I am so glad that you decided to stop by !	happiness
1	Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .	happiness
0	Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?	happiness
1	Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .	neutral
0	How about a little snack then ?	happiness
1	No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .	neutral
0	Well then , how is your family ?	neutral
1	Everyone is doing great . My sister finally had her baby .	neutral

0	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	happiness
1	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	neutral
0	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	happiness
1	Stop making fun of me .	neutral
0	So find a guy to marry and you can get one !	happiness
1	I don't need a guy to buy a wedding ring !	neutral
0	Oh , I see . You're going to wear one and pretend you're married to try to attract guys .	happiness

0	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	happiness
1	Congratulation . What will you do ?	happiness
0	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	neutral
1	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .	happiness
0	It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up .	neutral
1	Good . I'll do it .	happiness

0	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	neutral
1	Only once or twice at the most .	neutral
0	Do you know why ?	neutral
1	I have no idea .	neutral

0	Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot ! It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .	happiness
1	You can have a bird view of Guiling City from the top of the mountain .	happiness
0	Wonderful ! I'll often come here for mountain climbing .	happiness
1	You should . Many Guiliners , especially the old and the young , will climb mountains here in the morning .	happiness
0	No wonder people say	happiness
1	Quick ! Pass me your binoculars . Look at that bird ... I've never seen one of those before . It's indigenous to Guiling , and an endangered species too . This is lucky !	surprise
0	I didn't know you liked bird-watching .	happiness
1	I don't really . I just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . This place is full of it .	happiness

0	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	neutral
1	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	neutral
0	It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .	neutral
1	Yeah , I saw that . I thought you were playing a game with them .	neutral
0	Some game ! You try being tackled by ten kids at once !	neutral
1	Um , Holly ? Look behind you . They're coming this way .	neutral

0	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	happiness
1	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	neutral
0	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	neutral
1	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	neutral
0	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	neutral
1	yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better	neutral
0	oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .	happiness
1	definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .	happiness
0	sounds great ! I'll be there .	happiness

0	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...	neutral
1	and what if it doesn't work out , right ?	neutral
0	Exactly .	neutral
1	You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?	neutral
0	How ?	neutral
1	Because I won't let it fail .	neutral
0	But what about tomorrow ? What if Stars.com decides to go with WebTracker , and not us ?	neutral

0	Are you ready for the camping trip ?	neutral
1	All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...	neutral
0	Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .	neutral
1	Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?	neutral
0	I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .	neutral
1	Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?	neutral
0	That's trail mix !	neutral
1	Same difference . What's this ?	neutral

0	It's getting late . I really have to go .	neutral
1	I hope we'll get together again soon .	neutral
0	I hope so . A good journey to you !	happiness
1	Thank you .	happiness

0	I ’ m fed up with marriage .	neutral
1	Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .	neutral
0	Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .	neutral
1	But now you are rich .	neutral
0	And we have some squabbles on some boring things .	neutral
1	This is ordinary marriage life .	neutral

0	How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ?	neutral
1	Don ’ t be kidding , OK ?	anger
0	What ’ s the matter ? So angry . I ’ m just playing a joke with you .	neutral
1	Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation has been over .	anger

0	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	neutral
1	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	neutral
0	Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .	neutral
1	Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics.what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .	neutral
0	Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .	neutral
1	That's a problem .	neutral

0	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	neutral
1	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	neutral
0	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	neutral
1	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	neutral
0	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	neutral
1	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	neutral
0	To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .	neutral
1	What kind of music do you prefer then ?	neutral
0	I like pop music . Do you ?	neutral
1	Not really . I don't think pop music has much depth .	neutral
0	I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much .	neutral
1	How long have you been in to pop music , then ?	neutral
0	I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ?	neutral
1	Not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .	neutral
0	So , how did you become interested in it ?	neutral
1	Well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started .	neutral
0	Do you still play piano ?	neutral
1	Yes , it's one of my hobbies .	neutral

0	Hi Paul . How are you , friend .	neutral
1	Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall .	disgust
0	How so ?	neutral
1	He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .	disgust
0	Have you talk to him about it ?	neutral
1	Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night	disgust
0	Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .	neutral
1	This is no laughing matter , Nick .	neutral
0	Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?	neutral
1	He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .	neutral
0	Well , talk to him , and let me know what happens , OK ?	neutral

0	You're from New York , aren't you ?	neutral
1	Yes , that's right .	neutral
0	What do you suggest I should see in New York ?	neutral
1	Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art ?	neutral
0	No , I don't like museums . They're boring .	neutral
1	Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building ?	neutral
0	Ah ! That sounds interesting .	happiness

0	What's your favorite book ?	neutral
1	It's Gone With the Wind .	neutral
0	Why do you like it best ?	neutral
1	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	happiness
0	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	neutral
1	Is it very interesting ?	neutral
0	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .	neutral
1	If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .	neutral
0	Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?	happiness
1	That's a good idea . Let's go !	happiness

0	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	surprise
1	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	neutral
0	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	neutral
1	You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?	neutral

0	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	neutral
1	How can you be so sure ?	neutral
0	He knows a lot about law and he ’ s eloquent , too .	neutral

0	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ?	neutral
1	Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?	neutral
0	Yes , but I have never taken his class before .	neutral
1	He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for ?	neutral
0	Yes , that's what I need .	neutral
1	He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . Are you willing to study hard ?	neutral
0	Yes , I guess so .	neutral
1	What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . Do you enjoy that in a teacher ?	neutral
0	Yes , I had a teacher like that before .	neutral
1	Did you know that he has 20 years teaching experience ?	neutral
0	No , I didn't , but that could be a good thing .	neutral
1	Well , take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you . Good luck !	happiness

0	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	neutral
1	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	neutral
0	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	neutral
1	Yeah , I know .	neutral
0	The doctors and the nurses will help you . And I will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby .	neutral
1	Thank you , dear . I feel better now .	happiness

0	The weather is terrible .	neutral
1	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	neutral
0	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	neutral
1	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	neutral
0	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	neutral
1	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	neutral
0	I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .	neutral
1	I'm with you . What do you have in mind ?	neutral
0	I haven't been to the Mall in a long time . Let's go there .	neutral
1	That sounds good . They have a movie theatre there , so if we get bored , we can watch a movie .	happiness
0	Great . I'll stop by your place now .	happiness
1	Ok . Don't forget to bring your umbrella . The rain can start up again anytime .	happiness

0	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	neutral
1	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	neutral
0	Yes , I am applying on it .	neutral
1	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	neutral
0	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .	neutral
1	I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .	neutral
0	Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enroll .	neutral
1	Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you .	happiness

0	... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you ?	neutral
1	Come on , don ’ t be so dramatic ! I ’ m sure everything is going to work out just fine .	neutral
0	You think so ? Oh , no ! How can he do this to me ? I ’ m sure he ’ s cheating on me ! Why else wouldn ’ t he call ?	anger
1	But , you two are on a break . Theoretically he can do whatever he likes .	neutral
0	He ’ s the love of my life ! I ’ Ve really messed this up .	sadness
1	Come on , hon . Pull yourself together . It ’ s going to be alright .	neutral
0	But I ... I still love him ! And it ’ s all my fault ! I can ’ t believe how immature and selfish I was being . I mean , he is a firefighter , it ’ s not like he can just leave someone in a burning building and meet me for dinner . I ’ Ve totally messed this up !	sadness
1	You know what , Veronica , I think you should make the first step . I ’ m sure he ’ ll forgive you ...	neutral
0	No , this is not gonna happen ! I ... I ’ Ve ruined everything ...	sadness
1	do you hear something ?	neutral

0	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	neutral
1	to be honest , I was just dumped .	sadness
0	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	neutral
1	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	sadness
0	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	neutral
1	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	neutral
0	well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?	neutral
1	where is that ?	neutral
0	not very far from here . We'll fly . It's about one and a half hours .	neutral
1	what's there to see ?	neutral
0	there is a large canyon , vast grasslands , ancient forests and mountain lakes .	neutral
1	oh , sounds nice .	happiness
0	yes , the scenery there is breathtaking . I have some pictures at home . You can come over and take a look if you like .	neutral
1	ok . Then I can make up my mind .	happiness

0	Did you have any kind of punishment in your life and studies ?	neutral
1	Yes , just once .	neutral
0	What was the reason ?	neutral
1	I once played truant when I was in college because I intended to organize a donation activity for the disaster-hit areas in Sichuan .	neutral

0	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	neutral
1	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	neutral
0	Really ? Wow with who ?	surprise
1	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	neutral
0	Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?	neutral
1	Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .	neutral
0	That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?	neutral
1	It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .	neutral
0	I guess it does seem logical . I'll have to check it out !	neutral

0	Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .	neutral
1	Stay for dinner with us .	happiness
0	I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .	neutral
1	Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .	happiness
0	It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .	happiness
1	Goodbye . Thank you again for coming .	happiness

0	Honey , do you have a second ?	neutral
1	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	neutral
0	We need to talk .	neutral
1	Okay ...	neutral
0	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	neutral
1	What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?	surprise
0	That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !	sadness
1	So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect ?	surprise
0	Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry .	sadness
1	Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me .	sadness
0	I can ’ t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ’ m only doing this for you . I don ’ t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .	sadness
1	Laura ...	sadness
0	Here are your keys . I ’ ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ’ m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ’ ll always love you . Goodbye .	sadness

0	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	neutral
1	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	neutral
0	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	neutral
1	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	neutral
0	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	neutral
1	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	neutral
0	Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .	neutral
1	Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .	neutral
0	I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .	neutral
1	Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .	neutral
0	That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .	neutral
1	How about a training course ?	neutral
0	A training course ? That must be costly .	neutral
1	But it's worth it . Maybe it can get us into a good mood and also helps us learn something to use for the future .	neutral
0	OK , let's have a try .	neutral
1	OK .	neutral

0	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	neutral
1	Oh , yes . You ?	neutral
0	Yes . What did you think of it ?	neutral
1	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	happiness
0	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	happiness
1	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	happiness
0	Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?	neutral
1	Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?	neutral
0	Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?	neutral
1	Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?	happiness
0	I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !	happiness
1	Yes !	happiness

0	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	happiness
1	What's her figure ?	neutral
0	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .	happiness
1	What's the color of her eyes ?	neutral
0	Dark blue .	happiness

0	Where are you going ?	neutral
1	I'm going to buy a CD .	neutral
0	Why not listen to music online ?	neutral
1	Then I will have to pay quite a lot to listen to music on line , isn't it ?	neutral
0	You can audition music on line , and you can audition it off line after downloading it , so you needn't pay for it .	neutral
1	I have downloaded one , but it still can't be listened .	neutral
0	In order to listen to music , you must have the necessary software .	neutral
1	Can you recommend some to me ?	neutral
0	Certainly . Realplayer is a good .	neutral
1	Can I download it ?	neutral
0	Yes , but you need install it after downloading so that you can use it .	neutral
1	I'll try it tonight .	neutral

0	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	neutral
1	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	neutral
0	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	neutral
1	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	neutral
0	But , you were born and raised in California !	surprise
1	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	neutral
0	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	surprise
1	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .	neutral
0	So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?	neutral
1	I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .	neutral
0	Are you sure he really got the message ?	neutral
1	Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .	neutral
0	That's hilarious ! What did he say ?	neutral
1	He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .	neutral
0	I'm glad . I bet he won't make that mistake again .	neutral

0	Could you tell me the origin of the Dragon-Boat Festival ?	neutral
1	Yes , it's a way to commemorate a great ancient romantic poet , and the race is a symbol of the attempt to save him .	neutral
0	I see.Did they succeed in the end ?	neutral
1	Of course not.He drowned .	neutral

0	What can I do for you today ?	neutral
1	I would like to use a computer .	neutral
0	Do you have your library card ?	neutral
1	I sure do .	neutral
0	There is a wait for the computers .	neutral
1	That ’ s all right .	neutral
0	You need to print your name on this list .	neutral
1	Okay . Now what ?	neutral
0	Once a computer is available , I will let you know .	neutral
1	How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?	neutral
0	All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .	neutral
1	That ’ s it ? Thank you very much .	happiness

0	how are you doing , Christopher ?	neutral
1	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	disgust
0	are you doing anything this weekend ?	neutral
1	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	disgust
0	are you available on Sunday ?	neutral
1	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	neutral
0	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	neutral
1	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	neutral
0	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	neutral
1	what should I bring with me ?	neutral
0	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	neutral
1	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	neutral
0	do you like surfing ?	neutral
1	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?	neutral
0	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !	happiness
1	I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring ?	neutral
0	you'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .	neutral
1	ok , where and when should I meet you ?	neutral
0	we'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square !	happiness

0	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .	neutral
1	It'll take us all some time to get used to the change .	neutral

0	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	neutral
1	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	neutral
0	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	neutral
1	Learning any language takes a lot of effort.But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?	neutral
0	Good idea . That might help .	neutral

0	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	neutral
1	You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ?	neutral
0	Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ’ m noisy ?	neutral
1	Yes .	neutral

0	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	neutral
1	OK , please .	happiness
0	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	happiness
1	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .	happiness
0	Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?	happiness
1	How old are your children ?	neutral
0	I have a 10 - year-old boy and a 6 - year-old girl .	neutral
1	I would recommend a day at the zoo . It's fun for all the family . There is also a water park just outside the city if you would like a day trip .	neutral
0	It sounds marvelous . Thank you for your help .	happiness

0	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	neutral
1	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	neutral
0	And after church they come here for lunch ?	neutral
1	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?	neutral
0	Yeah , what's up with that ?	neutral
1	The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun !	neutral

0	Hi ! I'm happy you could make it .	happiness
1	Well , I've been looking forward to seeing you .	happiness
0	What can I get you ?	happiness
1	I'd love a gin and tonic .	happiness

0	Could you please help me to check out the book ?	neutral
1	Sure , what's the author's name , please .	neutral
0	I can't remember that clearly . It probably be Charles ...	neutral
1	Charles Dickens ?	neutral
0	No , no , no . I'm not interested in literature .	neutral
1	OK , do you know the title of the book ?	neutral
0	Oh , sorry . I'm always absent-minded . I remember that I've put a note in my pocket .	neutral
1	So , show me the note please .	neutral
0	I can't find it now .	neutral
1	Oh , such bad luck , sir . Can you please name the category of the book ?	neutral
0	Let me see . It's not fiction . It's biography .	neutral
1	OK , I'll search it for you . A moment , please .	neutral
0	Thanks .	neutral

0	How do you decide what grade we get ?	neutral
1	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	neutral
0	What is the most important factor ?	neutral
1	Obviously I look for improvement as we go along , but I would like you to do your best from the beginning .	neutral
0	How can we keep track of our grades ?	neutral
1	The final and midterm are 40 percent of your grade ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent .	neutral
0	What if we can't get to school ?	neutral
1	You can only miss one class without penalty .	neutral
0	If we have a major problem , will you let us know ?	neutral
1	I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem .	neutral

0	We're thinking about going to America .	neutral
1	Have you thought about the cost ?	neutral
0	There is that .	neutral
1	I believe it'll be very expensive .	neutral

0	May I help you with something ?	neutral
1	I would like to return some books .	neutral
0	I ’ ll take them .	neutral
1	Here you go .	neutral
0	These books were due two weeks ago .	neutral
1	Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .	neutral
0	You will need to pay late fees on these books .	neutral
1	How much are the late fees ?	neutral
0	The fee is 25 cents every day .	neutral
1	I have to pay 25 cents a day ?	surprise
0	And that ’ s for each book that is late .	neutral
1	That shouldn ’ t be a problem .	neutral

0	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	happiness
1	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	happiness
0	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	happiness
1	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	neutral
0	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	neutral
1	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	neutral
0	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !	neutral
1	Ahahah ! ! ! Help me ! Help ! Bring the boat closer ! The shark is coming straight towards me !	neutral
0	It ’ s right under you ! Kathy ! ! !	neutral

0	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	neutral
1	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	neutral
0	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	neutral
1	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	neutral
0	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?	neutral
1	I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .	neutral
0	did your husband's family get to meet your family ?	neutral
1	my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t	neutral
0	that makes sense . Did you go on a honeymoon ?	neutral
1	we waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to Africa .	neutral
0	you really didn't have a very traditional wedding , did you ?	neutral
1	not at all , but we don ’ t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly !	neutral

0	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	neutral
1	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	neutral
0	Then let's go in .	neutral
1	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	neutral
0	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	neutral
1	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	sadness
0	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	neutral
1	Yeah , a number of times .	sadness
0	What's he trying to pull anyway .	neutral
1	I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .	sadness
0	Maybe you should start seeing someone else .	neutral
1	You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy .	happiness

0	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	neutral
1	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	neutral
0	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	neutral
1	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	neutral
0	And , who is sponsoring your trip ?	neutral
1	My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .	neutral
0	Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .	neutral
1	Well , I own a house . actually , I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ’ vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .	neutral
0	And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?	neutral
1	Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ’ s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .	happiness
0	I ’ m sorry , sir , we cannot grant you a B2 visa at this time , instead , you are granted a resident visa ! Congratulations , you are the millionth person to apply for a visa ! You win ! Congratulations !	happiness

0	Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ?	neutral
1	Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit .	neutral
0	Oh , that's good news for us .	happiness
1	So what do you provide ?	neutral
0	First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .	neutral
1	How can you get that done ?	neutral
0	Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .	neutral
1	What else ?	neutral
0	Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .	neutral
1	Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?	happiness
0	That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .	neutral
1	Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .	neutral
0	Wise decision . You'll find it's totally worth it .	happiness

0	Do you watch a lot of TV ?	neutral
1	Not really . I could take it or leave it .	neutral
0	Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .	neutral
1	How can you do that ?	neutral

0	Hi . What's your name ?	neutral
1	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	neutral
0	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	neutral
1	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	neutral
0	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	neutral
1	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	neutral
0	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	neutral
1	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	neutral
0	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	neutral
1	Why were you in Japan ?	neutral
0	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	neutral
1	That's pretty cool .	happiness
0	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .	neutral
1	Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .	neutral
0	Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .	happiness
1	Ok .	neutral

0	Guess who I saw just now ?	neutral
1	Who ?	neutral
0	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	neutral
1	That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .	disgust
0	I think I must report to the cops .	neutral
1	Ok .	neutral

0	What do you think of this one ?	neutral
1	Eh , so so .	neutral
0	And this one ? Too flashy ?	neutral
1	Nah , not too flashy .	neutral
0	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	neutral
1	I guess .	neutral
0	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	neutral
1	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	anger
0	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	anger
1	Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !	anger
0	Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !	anger
1	Oh no you didn ’ t . You didn ’ t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ’ t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?	anger
0	I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game !	anger

0	Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK .	neutral
1	Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ’ t go into detail , but it wasn ’ t serious .	neutral
0	I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .	neutral
1	I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation .	neutral
0	It must have really hurt afterwards .	neutral
1	Well , the nurse game me plenty of painkillers , but it did feel uncomfortable . I wasn ’ t permitted to eat anything for 48 hours . That was the worse thing .	neutral
0	I bet you were ready for a thick juicy steak when you got out of hospital .	neutral
1	I certainly was ! However , the doctor gave me a list of food I couldn ’ t eat for another 72 hours , and steak was on the list !	neutral
0	Is there any pain now ?	neutral
1	No , not at all . I stopped taking painkillers after a couple of days .	neutral
0	Did they take good care of you in the hospital ?	neutral
1	Oh , yes . The nurse were very kind , though they were strict about what I could drink . In the end , I just drank water and nothing else . Everyone was very professional and I actually enjoyed some aspects of my stay .	neutral

0	How was the party ?	neutral
1	I had a fantastic time .	happiness

0	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?	neutral
1	Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	neutral
0	Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore ?	surprise
1	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .	neutral
0	That is important . Doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application .	happiness
1	Certainly , it is very nice talking with you . But I really have to go now . Catch you later .	happiness
0	Ok , good luck to you .	happiness

0	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	neutral
1	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	neutral
0	But he seems to be very happy with Rose .	neutral
1	He is more nice than wise .	neutral

0	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?	neutral
1	Yes , is that you , Allen ?	neutral
0	Yes , how are you doing ?	neutral
1	Not bad .	happiness
0	Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening.Would you like to come with me ?	happiness
1	Sure.Thank you very much .	happiness
0	Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty.OK ?	happiness
1	Ok , see you .	happiness
0	See you .	happiness

0	The weather has been terrible this week .	neutral
1	Yeah , I'm worried . If it's like this tomorrow , our big outdoor party will have to be canceled .	neutral
0	Let's hope it clears up .	neutral

0	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	anger
1	Yeah , I'm afraid so .	anger
0	If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .	anger
1	Yes , it is annoying .	anger

0	Hi , Mr . Smith . what's new ?	neutral
1	Nothing particular . But , ...	neutral
0	What's the matter ?	neutral
1	I , I don't know how to explain it to you .	neutral
0	Go ahead . It's nothing serious . We are good friends , aren't we ?	neutral
1	Yes , of course . But I'm afraid I can't tell you .	neutral

0	How do you do ?	neutral
1	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ’ m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card .	neutral
0	It ’ s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens .	happiness
1	Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .	neutral
0	Thank you .	happiness

0	Thanks for your hospitality .	happiness
1	You're welcome .	happiness

0	I'm terribly sorry to have caused you so much trouble .	sadness
1	That's all right .	neutral

0	Hey , what's new ?	neutral
1	Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ?	neutral
0	Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me .	neutral
1	What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?	neutral
0	Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .	neutral
1	That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .	neutral
0	But we have a date tonight ! You can't stay at home because of a stupid horoscope .	neutral

0	Lily , can you take part in our picnic this weekend ?	happiness
1	That sounds great . Where are you going ?	happiness
0	I think we can go to the river , go around and have supper .	happiness
1	What should I bring ?	happiness
0	Nothing . Just wear comfortable clothes and good shoes for walking . We'll bring everything .	happiness

0	What do you think of doctor Thomson ?	neutral
1	I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .	neutral
0	How can you be so sure ?	neutral
1	I can tell form the way he spoke to us .	neutral
0	Never believe his words .	neutral

0	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	neutral
1	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	neutral
0	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .	neutral
1	Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it .	neutral

0	What do you think about violence in movies ?	neutral
1	Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .	neutral
0	But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?	neutral
1	If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun .	neutral

0	Are you free tomorrow night ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am .	neutral
0	Shall we have dinner together ?	happiness
1	Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?	happiness
0	Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .	happiness
1	OK . I'll be happy to join you .	happiness

0	If only our company prescribe flex time .	neutral
1	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	neutral
0	Good news . Ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .	happiness
1	Then our entire job could be done by telecommuting .	happiness

0	Brian , do you know how to speak English ?	neutral
1	Yes .	neutral
0	Where did you learn ?	neutral
1	I learned in college .	neutral
0	You speak really well .	happiness
1	Thank you .	happiness
0	How long have you been in the U . S . ?	neutral
1	3 weeks .	neutral
0	Is your wife with you ?	neutral
1	Yes , she just got here yesterday .	neutral
0	Have you been to California before ?	neutral
1	No . I've never been there .	neutral
0	Have you ever been to Las Vegas ?	neutral
1	Yes . I went there once on a business trip .	neutral

0	How are the children doing at sport ?	neutral
1	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	neutral
0	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	neutral
1	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	neutral
0	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?	neutral
1	The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .	neutral
0	How are they at swimming ?	neutral
1	They ’ re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ’ s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ’ re not very fast , but that ’ s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .	neutral
0	Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .	neutral
1	I ’ d be afraid to jump from that height !	fear
0	I think that these kinds haven ’ t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .	neutral
1	It seems that they really enjoy trying to go faster , higher and further .	neutral

0	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?	happiness
1	Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .	happiness
0	Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .	happiness
1	Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...	happiness
0	Is everything ready now ?	happiness
1	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .	happiness
0	Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .	happiness
1	Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .	happiness
0	It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	happiness
1	That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ’ t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .	happiness
0	I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .	happiness
1	Thank you .	happiness
0	My pleasure .	happiness

0	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	anger
1	Sorry , I thought you knew .	neutral
0	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	anger
1	Didn't I ?	neutral
0	You know you didn't .	anger
1	Well , I'm telling you now .	neutral
0	Yes , but you might have told me before .	anger
1	I didn't think you'd be interested .	neutral
0	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	anger
1	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	neutral
0	Oh , you men ! You're all the same .	anger

0	Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ?	neutral
1	Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .	neutral
0	What about water pollution instead of pollution ?	neutral

0	How ’ s it going ?	neutral
1	I ’ m fine . Thank you .	neutral
0	Do you need anything ?	neutral
1	I need you to help me .	neutral
0	What can I do for you ?	neutral
1	I am looking for an article in a newspaper .	neutral
0	Did you check the periodicals ?	neutral
1	I didn ’ t even bother to think of that .	neutral
0	I ’ ll show you where to find your article .	neutral
1	I get lost in this library .	neutral
0	It ’ s right this way .	neutral
1	Thanks a lot for your help .	happiness

0	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	neutral
1	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	neutral
0	No problem . Let's say 6:30 p . m . at the Royal Restaurant , OK ?	happiness
1	All right . See you tomorrow night .	happiness

0	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	neutral
1	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	neutral
0	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .	neutral
1	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .	sadness
0	Why don't you take a few days off ?	neutral
1	I can't . I am really behind of my work .	sadness

0	Can you speak Japanese ?	neutral
1	Yes , I can , but not very well .	neutral
0	Where did you learn it ?	neutral
1	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	neutral
0	How long have you been learning it ?	neutral
1	About three years .	neutral
0	Can you speak any other languages ?	neutral
1	I'm afraid not .	neutral

0	Good afternoon , Johnson .	neutral
1	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?	neutral
0	Not bad , thanks .	happiness

0	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !	disgust
1	God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?	neutral
0	Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .	neutral
1	They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .	neutral
0	I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .	neutral
1	You'd better pay more attention to your health .	neutral
0	I will , thanks for your concern .	happiness
1	You're welcome .	happiness

0	It is too bad today .	neutral
1	What happened ?	neutral
0	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	neutral
1	How did you find him at last ?	neutral
0	It was the police wo helped me to do that .	neutral
1	It must have taught you a lesson this time .	neutral

0	I want to give our kitchen the works .	neutral
1	Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good .	neutral
0	No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern .	neutral
1	Why should we run after the fashion ?	neutral
0	I am not running after the fashion . I just want a very beautiful and clean kitchen .	neutral

0	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?	happiness
1	I'm crazy about it.It makes me very excited .	happiness
0	Then tell me what's good about it .	happiness
1	It can't be expressed by words .	happiness

0	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	neutral
1	I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .	neutral

0	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	happiness
1	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	happiness
0	Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .	happiness
1	I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ’ t take much time to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ’ ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow .	happiness

0	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	happiness
1	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	happiness
0	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	neutral
1	That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .	happiness
0	Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert .	happiness
1	Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner .	happiness

0	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	neutral
1	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	neutral
0	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	neutral
1	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	neutral
0	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	neutral
1	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !	neutral

0	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	neutral
1	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	happiness
0	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	neutral
1	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	neutral
0	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	neutral
1	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	neutral
0	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .	neutral
1	It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress .	happiness

0	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	neutral
1	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	neutral
0	Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .	neutral
1	But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .	neutral

0	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	neutral
1	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .	neutral
0	What kinds of parades are there ?	neutral
1	The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?	neutral
0	We don ’ t have a national day .	neutral
1	Really ? That ’ s unusual .	surprise
0	I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ’ t .	neutral
1	Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which celebrate national day .	neutral

0	Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ?	neutral
1	No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do .	neutral
0	Where do your parents live ?	neutral
1	My father lives in Washington DC .	neutral
0	How about your mother ?	neutral
1	My mother died two years ago .	neutral
0	Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ?	neutral
1	No , he's retired .	neutral
0	Do you have any family here ?	neutral
1	Yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about 30 miles from here .	neutral
0	Do you have any brothers or sisters ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have two brothers who live in New York and a sister who lives in Boston .	neutral
0	Do you see them a lot ?	neutral
1	Not as much as I'd like to . Usually just on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas .	neutral

0	Hey , how was the show ?	neutral
1	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	sadness
0	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .	surprise
1	Yes , me too . But I'm disappointed .	sadness

0	What happened , John ?	neutral
1	Nothing .	neutral
0	Why do you look unhappy ?	neutral
1	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	neutral
0	Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .	neutral
1	I hope so .	neutral

0	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	neutral
1	Really ?	surprise
0	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study .	neutral
1	You're right .	neutral

0	Hi , Tina , I ’ Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising .	happiness
1	That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it .	happiness
0	Thanks . Let ’ s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?	neutral
1	Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ?	neutral
0	No problem . See you !	happiness
1	See you !	happiness

0	Do you like ethnic food ?	neutral
1	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	happiness
0	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	surprise
1	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	neutral
0	I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it .	neutral
1	Do you know where a Moroccan restaurant is ?	neutral
0	As a matter of fact , he gave me this address .	neutral
1	Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure !	happiness

0	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .	neutral
1	But not as good as your mother's , right ?	neutral
0	Actually , it's better ...	neutral
1	What ? Are you kidding ?	surprise
0	No . It was the only dish she wasn't good at . So we could use you as the new head chef ...	neutral
1	Oh , Uncle Giovanni . That's wonderful ! Thank you ! Thank you !	happiness
0	OK , OK . Get back to work . There's someone waiting for you in the kitchen ...	happiness

0	How many people are there in your family ?	neutral
1	Five.My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .	neutral
0	Is your brother older or younger than you ?	neutral
1	He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday.My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age .	neutral

0	Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ?	neutral
1	I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really .	neutral
0	Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture ?	neutral
1	I don't really like seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects .	neutral

0	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	neutral
1	No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?	neutral
0	Yes . I did . I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .	happiness
1	How much was the ticket ?	neutral
0	I only paid two dollars for mine .	neutral

0	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	neutral
1	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	surprise
0	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .	neutral
1	Do you think they'll become reconciled ?	neutral
0	No , I don't think so . She said she would rather be single than cope with an unhappy marriage .	neutral
1	What a shame ! Their marriage is really a mistake .	neutral

0	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	neutral
1	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	neutral
0	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	neutral
1	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	neutral
0	but you look quite proficient in using them now .	neutral
1	certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Ch	neutral
0	yes , table etiquette . There are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . Some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to Westerners , while they are the norm i	neutral
1	anything strang about that ?	neutral
0	maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .	neutral
1	oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks .	neutral

0	It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck .	anger
1	Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway .	neutral
0	I can't forget it .	neutral
1	You'd better cool yourself down first .	neutral

0	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	neutral
1	How many credits for each course ?	neutral
0	Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .	neutral
1	Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will .	neutral

0	I hate to go outside .	disgust
1	Me too .	disgust
0	Why do you hate to go outside ?	neutral
1	I meet too many jerks .	disgust
0	I agree .	disgust
1	This city is full of jerks .	disgust
0	Rude people are everywhere .	disgust
1	But what can you do ?	neutral
0	You can yell at them .	disgust
1	And they will yell back at you .	disgust
0	Yelling doesn't do any good .	neutral
1	No . The best thing to do is just stay home .	neutral

0	I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth .	neutral
1	You mean you suspect him .	neutral
0	I ’ m not sure . I ’ ll try to prove my feeling .	neutral
1	I hope I can do something for you .	neutral

0	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	happiness
1	You do ?	neutral
0	Yeah , those classics from the great writers .	neutral
1	But I find Japanese ones better .	neutral

0	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	neutral
1	Why doesn't he ask her ?	neutral
0	He is too scared to ask her .	neutral
1	He's a chicken guy .	neutral

0	Good morning .	neutral
1	Good morning .	neutral
0	What does the paper say ?	neutral
1	Nothing much — the same old stuff . A lot of bad news as usual .	neutral
0	Well , what ’ s the weather report ?	neutral
1	Sunny and mild today , cloudy and rainy tomorrow .	neutral
0	Did they find those bank robbers ?	neutral
1	Not yet . They were holding two men in Ohio , but they let them go . They weren ’ t the criminals after all .	neutral
0	What about the sports page ? What were the scores of last night ’ s games ?	neutral
1	Here ’ s the paper ; you can read them yourself .	neutral

0	I would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days .	neutral
1	It really depends on when and how long	neutral
0	Until next weekend . that ’ s ok .	neutral

0	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	neutral
1	But Saturday is my birthday .	neutral
0	I think it ’ s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .	neutral
1	But it won ’ t be on my birthday .	neutral
0	But your health is more important . Believe me !	neutral

0	I hate computer games .	disgust
1	Why ? They are fine .	neutral
0	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	disgust
1	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .	neutral
0	If boys grow up with computer games , they will surely become bad .	disgust
1	Come on . Things are not so bad . Boys can learn to use the computer through games .	neutral

0	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am . What's up ?	neutral
0	Then would you please go to a dance party with me ?	happiness
1	With pleasure . I suppose you dance often .	happiness
0	Oh , no . As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time .	happiness
1	But I am told that you dance wonderfully well .	happiness
0	Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right ?	happiness
1	No . Just occasionally .	neutral
0	What's your favorite dance ?	neutral
1	It's hard to say , but I do love the foxtrot and waltz .	neutral
0	How about rock'n'roll ?	neutral
1	To tell you the truth , I don't like it . It's too noisy .	neutral
0	And the tango ?	neutral
1	Oh , it's really beautiful , but I just can't do it well .	neutral
0	Don't be so modest . I'm sure you can do it very well . Then I'll meet you at six . Is that at all right ?	happiness
1	OK .	happiness
0	Great ! I'm your lucky fellow then .	happiness

0	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	happiness
1	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	happiness
0	Do you have many friends ?	happiness
1	Yes , I like to make new friends .	happiness
0	What do you usually do with them ?	happiness
1	We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music .	happiness

0	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	neutral
1	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	neutral
0	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?	neutral
1	Just look around ? Nah , that ’ s boring .	neutral
0	I'll go by myself then .	neutral

0	I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .	neutral
1	Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .	happiness
0	How about the new bar across the road ?	happiness
1	Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .	happiness
0	I agree , I had lunch there last week .	happiness
1	Excellent ! That sounds like a plan .	happiness

0	Hello , are you Chinese ?	neutral
1	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	neutral
0	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	neutral
1	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	neutral
0	I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .	neutral
1	What do you think of the local accent here ? Has it been causing you any problems ?	neutral
0	I think it's just a matter of getting used to it .	neutral
1	I can't agree more .	neutral

0	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	anger
1	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	neutral
0	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .	anger
1	Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me .	neutral
0	I think my arm is broken .	neutral
1	Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too .	neutral
0	Listen , let's just wait until the police get here.Then we can decide whose fault this accident was .	neutral
1	Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried .	neutral
0	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	neutral
1	Alright .	neutral
0	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	anger
1	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	neutral
0	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	anger
1	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .	neutral
0	It really hurts .	anger
1	Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?	neutral
0	To hell with you . The accident was your fault .	anger
1	I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?	neutral
0	To hell with you .	anger

0	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	neutral
1	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	neutral
0	Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .	neutral
1	That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .	happiness
0	I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .	neutral
1	Forget it . I'll see you at 11:30 am .	happiness

0	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	neutral
1	And ?	neutral
0	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .	neutral
1	Poor child !	neutral

0	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	neutral
1	What's your excuse this time ?	neutral
0	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	neutral
1	Yes , twice last week .	neutral
0	Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .	neutral
1	I don't think so . But it could've been .	neutral
0	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .	neutral
1	I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?	disgust
0	I'll do my best .	neutral
1	Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .	neutral
0	I'm working on it . Really !	neutral

0	Hi , Becky , what's up ?	neutral
1	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	neutral
0	What's the problem ?	neutral
1	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .	neutral
0	For example ?	neutral
1	Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .	neutral
0	No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .	neutral
1	It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .	neutral
0	My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .	neutral

0	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town .	happiness
1	Gosh , you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight .	happiness
0	Let's go to the new club on West Street .	neutral
1	Sure , but what do I wear ?	neutral
0	You can wear that pretty red dress .	neutral

0	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	neutral
1	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	neutral
0	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	neutral
1	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	happiness
0	Around six pm .	neutral
1	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .	neutral
0	No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .	neutral
1	Ok , I will see you then .	neutral
0	Great , have a good day , thanks again for the offer .	happiness

0	Hello.this is Susan .	neutral
1	Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	neutral
0	Yes , I think So .	neutral
1	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .	neutral
0	What ’ s the time ?	neutral
1	Six thirty , tonight .	neutral
0	Oh , I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you	neutral
1	All right.Maybe next time I can go with you.Bye !	neutral
0	Good bye !	neutral

0	What is life ?	neutral
1	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .	neutral
0	Then do you think that life is arranged by something above us .	neutral
1	Maybe , the whirligig of time , who knows ?	neutral
0	Right .	neutral

0	David , I ’ m going to China .	neutral
1	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	surprise
0	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	neutral
1	Congratulations . How lucky you are !	happiness
0	Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .	happiness
1	I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .	happiness
0	I ’ m sure I will .	happiness
1	Have a nice journey , Lily .	happiness
0	Thank you , David .	happiness

0	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !	happiness
1	Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	happiness
0	Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	happiness
1	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .	happiness
0	Me too .	happiness
1	Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .	happiness
0	Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?	happiness
1	Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .	happiness
0	He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .	happiness
1	And the host announced that he won it all !	happiness

0	Come in , come in !	neutral
1	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?	neutral
0	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	neutral
1	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment .	neutral
0	I ’ m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other .	neutral
1	Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?	neutral
0	You ’ re right . I am sorry . Let ’ s go and watch the movie .	neutral
1	It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .	neutral

0	Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ?	neutral
1	It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .	neutral
0	Where is the school cafeteria ?	neutral
1	It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .	neutral
0	Where is the Computer Center ?	neutral
1	The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .	neutral
0	Where is the library ?	neutral
1	The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ’ s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .	neutral
0	Thank you . I will go get one .	happiness
1	Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .	happiness
0	Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .	happiness
1	Thanks you for the encouragement .	happiness
0	You are welcome . I ’ d better go . Goodbye .	happiness
1	Have a good day . Bye-Bye !	happiness

0	How about another beer ?	neutral
1	No , thanks . I've had more than enough.In fact , I must be running along .	neutral
0	Stay around for a while.The party is warming up .	neutral
1	I'm afraid I have to leave . I have to be up early tomorrow .	sadness

0	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	neutral
1	When is it ?	neutral
0	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	neutral
1	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	neutral
0	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .	neutral
1	Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?	neutral
0	In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .	neutral
1	It sounds so moving .	happiness

0	Nice to see you , Patrick .	happiness
1	Bob ! I hear your team won the match .	happiness
0	Yeah . All of us tried our best .	happiness
1	Congratulations !	happiness

0	I think you're being a little naive .	neutral
1	If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .	neutral
0	That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned .	neutral
1	eBay also offers free insurance . You can get a refund of up to $ 200 if you're not satisfied with your purchase .	neutral
0	$ 200 ? If they get a hold of your credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! I had a friend who ...	neutral

0	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	happiness
1	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	happiness
0	No , seriously . I am impressed .	happiness
1	Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .	happiness

0	Hello ?	neutral
1	Hey Tina . What are you doing ?	neutral
0	I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?	neutral
1	I just watched a movie and I'm scared .	fear
0	What did you watch ?	neutral
1	I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .	neutral
0	I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .	neutral
1	If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .	neutral
0	Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?	neutral
1	How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .	neutral
0	Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .	neutral
1	Hurry , ok . It's dark out .	neutral
0	Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .	neutral
1	Ok . See you soon .	happiness

0	are you a blogger ?	neutral
1	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	neutral
0	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	neutral
1	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	neutral
0	what do you usually write about ?	neutral
1	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	neutral
0	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?	neutral
1	it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .	neutral
0	got it . Are you still updating your blog ?	neutral
1	sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .	neutral
0	good for you . I know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months .	neutral

0	Have you found a new job yet ?	neutral
1	No , not yet . I ’ m still looking . I ’ Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .	neutral
0	What kind of work ?	neutral
1	I ’ m temping at a pharmaceutic company .	neutral
0	What do you do there ?	neutral
1	Mostly office work - filing and so on .	neutral
0	How long is the assignment ?	neutral
1	Till the end of the month .	neutral

0	This is just for you . Cheers ! Bottoms up .	happiness
1	En ... it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done for me .	happiness

0	I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago .	neutral
1	But we just drove across town . Can't we just go in to see him one last ...	sadness
0	I'm afraid not . But at tomorrow's funeral , the family requested an open casket service .	neutral
1	This is all too fast . He's my best friend , and now he's gone .	sadness
0	I'm sorry . I know it must have come as a great shock .	neutral
1	The viewing was for saying goodbye , and I didn't even get that .	sadness

0	I can ’ t bear it . The driver is too bad .	disgust
1	He must be green . It ’ s lucky that we will get off soon .	neutral

0	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	neutral
1	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	neutral
0	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	neutral
1	Oh , that's how you see it .	neutral

0	That way they look longer .	neutral
1	Now what are you doing ?	neutral
0	Putting on mascara .	neutral
1	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	disgust
0	I won't .	neutral
1	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .	neutral

0	Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?	neutral
0	Maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something .	neutral
1	I have a great idea of where you might like to go .	neutral
0	Can we walk there ?	neutral
1	It's on the second floor . May I join you ?	neutral
0	Of course ! Let's go .	neutral
1	Let's hurry . I'm starving !	neutral

0	What are you going to do next year ?	happiness
1	I want to go traveling .	happiness
0	Do you have any where in mind ?	happiness
1	Yes , I've been thinking about Florida .	happiness

0	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .	neutral
1	Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .	neutral
0	Don ’ t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well .	neutral
1	But he still does not come back .	neutral
0	Maybe he is on the way home now .	neutral

0	How long have you been in England ?	neutral
1	For almost two years .	neutral
0	Almost two years ? Your English is very good .	happiness
1	Thank you . But there's still a lot for me to learn .	happiness

0	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	neutral
1	Johnson ? I can't place them .	neutral
0	We met them in Bermuda last May .	neutral
1	They've completely slipped my mind .	neutral
0	The couple with the dogs , think back .	neutral
1	No , I don't recall a thing about them .	neutral
0	Well , I've invited them for brunch .	neutral
1	Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded .	neutral

0	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	neutral
1	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	neutral
0	His grandfather's money is not his .	neutral
1	I can't understand him anyway .	neutral

0	What did he say ?	neutral
1	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	neutral
0	It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .	happiness
1	Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .	happiness

0	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat.oh , there he is .	neutral
1	hey , Isabelle ...	neutral
0	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .	anger
1	yes , I am the guy ...	neutral
0	what a bummer ! You set me up ?	anger
1	let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...	neutral

0	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	happiness
1	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .	neutral
0	Oh , come on ! Just a quick one !	happiness
1	All right , just a quick one .	happiness

0	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	neutral
1	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	neutral
0	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	neutral
1	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	neutral
0	Some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . Do you know how Jackie Chan measures his worth ?	neutral
1	He measures his worth by how many of his bones he has fractured while executing his film , incredible stunts . By the way , can you count the breaks ?	neutral
0	Sure . His skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . As he said ' Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '	neutral
1	Indeed you know much about him .	neutral
0	This is because he is the action-movie incarnate or action-star extraordinaire around the world .	neutral

0	I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me .	sadness
1	Oh , that's all right .	neutral
0	I must apologize . I'll buy you a new one tomorrow .	sadness
1	No , please don't . I couldn't let you do that .	neutral

0	May I ask a question ?	neutral
1	Yes , what's it ?	neutral
0	What does mph stand for ?	neutral
1	It's miles per hour .	neutral

0	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	neutral
1	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?	surprise
0	' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .	neutral
1	Then we'd better not go .	neutral
0	OK .	neutral

0	Are you ready to go shopping ?	neutral
1	Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .	neutral
0	What research ?	neutral
1	Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?	neutral
0	But they're just ads .	neutral
1	Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends .	neutral

0	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?	neutral
1	I think there ’ s a Western on .	neutral
0	Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it .	neutral
1	Well , I really wanted to see the football game .	neutral
0	Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?	neutral
1	I believe there ’ s a sitcom .	neutral
0	Are you interested in watching it ?	neutral
1	Let me look in the TV Guide first .	neutral
0	Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?	neutral
1	If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .	neutral
0	Do you want to watch it ?	neutral
1	Let's watch it together .	neutral

0	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	neutral
1	It was funny .	happiness
0	Tell me about it , will you ?	neutral
1	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	happiness
0	Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?	neutral
1	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .	happiness
0	You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?	happiness
1	We went for a swim in the sea . That was the best part of the day . Just look at my nice tan .	happiness
0	So you must have had a busy and enjoyable day yesterday .	happiness
1	Yes , you're right . And I was so tired that I fell asleep on the way back . My arms are still stiff from the swim yesterday .	happiness

0	Susan is going to get a divorce .	neutral
1	How do you know that ?	neutral
0	She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .	neutral
1	Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it .	neutral

0	Here's the course description guide .	neutral
1	What do I do with it ?	neutral
0	Do you want me to help you ?	neutral
1	Please .	neutral
0	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	neutral
1	So I don't have to worry about them .	neutral
0	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	neutral
1	I'll take home economics .	neutral
0	Good . Now you can pick classes by yourself .	neutral

0	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	neutral
1	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	neutral
0	What do you mean ?	neutral
1	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	neutral
0	That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .	neutral

0	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?	neutral
1	Yeah , what ’ s up ?	neutral
0	Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .	happiness
1	Wow . I'd love to .	happiness
0	Great !	happiness
1	When and where ?	happiness
0	Five o ’ clock that afternoon , and in my place , you know ?	happiness
1	Yes , I know . I appreciate your invitation .	happiness
0	I am going to invite other guys . See you that day .	happiness
1	See you .	happiness

0	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	neutral
1	I'm pretty tired these days .	neutral
0	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	neutral
1	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	neutral
0	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	neutral
1	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?	neutral
0	That sucks .	neutral
1	If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?	neutral
0	That's crossing the line .	anger
1	Oh well . I'll have to live with it . What else can I do ?	neutral

0	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	neutral
1	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	neutral
0	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	neutral
1	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .	neutral
0	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?	neutral
1	When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .	neutral
0	I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ?	neutral
1	Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it .	neutral
0	Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo .	neutral
1	Oh , I didn't expect you to know them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .	neutral
0	You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too .	neutral

0	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	neutral
1	I want to travel .	neutral
0	Where would you like to go ?	neutral
1	The seaside .	happiness
0	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	happiness
1	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good .	happiness
0	Yes , that's a good place to spend a holiday . Last year I went there . It's really .	happiness
1	Thank you !	happiness

0	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	happiness
1	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .	happiness
0	Just make yourself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly .	happiness

0	I'm dreadfully sorry for you .	neutral
1	Thank you very much for your kindness .	happiness
0	Is there any clue ?	neutral
1	No , he left nothing .	neutral

0	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	happiness
1	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	neutral
0	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	happiness
1	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .	happiness
0	And English is very useful in your job .	happiness
1	I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life .	happiness
0	You will be a very promising one .	happiness
1	That ’ s my wish .	happiness

0	I hear you are expecting your family .	neutral
1	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	neutral
0	I didn't know you had a brother .	surprise
1	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	neutral
0	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	happiness
1	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	neutral
0	Does your brother have just one son ?	neutral
1	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	neutral
0	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .	neutral
1	Oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and loved it .	neutral
0	So when are they all coming ?	neutral
1	My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday .	neutral

0	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?	neutral
1	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .	neutral
0	Where did you spend your holiday ?	neutral
1	I went to Paris .	neutral

0	So , Paula , where are you from ?	neutral
1	I'm from Canada , originally .	neutral
0	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	neutral
1	Montreal .	neutral
0	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	neutral
1	We moved here when I was fourteen .	neutral
0	Did you go to school here ?	neutral
1	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	neutral
0	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	neutral
1	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	neutral
0	When was that ?	neutral
1	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .	neutral
0	I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?	neutral
1	I studied French . Anyway ... that's enough about me.How about you ? Were you born in L . A . ?	neutral

0	Do you consider yourself a good mother ?	neutral
1	Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .	happiness
0	How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .	neutral
1	I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .	happiness
0	Does your husband feel the same ?	neutral
1	Yes . He is very understanding and supportive .	happiness

0	I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth .	neutral
1	let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .	neutral
0	I often do , but I ’ m worried about the responses from other people .	neutral
1	you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .	neutral
0	I ’ m worried that what I say will not make sense .	neutral
1	we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .	neutral
0	that ’ s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?	neutral
1	that ’ s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .	neutral
0	I didn ’ t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .	neutral
1	the most difficult thing is being able to predict what other people will say . They will reply to your statements , but you can ’ t be sure how .	neutral

0	What's his job ?	neutral
1	He used to be a policeman .	neutral
0	But Mrs.Smith hired him to find her lost son .	neutral
1	Yeah . He's a private eye now .	neutral

0	Bother the flies !	neutral
1	Where do they come from ?	neutral
0	I don't know . Something rotten here ?	neutral
1	I can't see it .	neutral

0	Have you got your invitation yet ?	neutral
1	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	surprise
0	The house warming party .	neutral
1	Whose house warming party is it ?	neutral
0	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	neutral
1	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .	neutral
0	It's out in the suburbs .	neutral
1	Have you seen the house ?	neutral
0	Yes , I have . I went out with them last weekend .	neutral
1	Is it nice ?	happiness
0	Yes , it is . There are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen .	happiness
1	There's also a garden .	happiness
0	Well , that does sound nice . Have they moved in yet ?	happiness
1	They are moving today . Tom's taken the day off . He's rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight .	happiness
0	When are they going to have the party ?	happiness
1	Next Saturday night . You should get your invitation today or tomorrow .	happiness
0	Wow , that would be something to look forward to .	happiness

0	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	neutral
1	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	neutral
0	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	neutral
1	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	neutral
0	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	happiness
1	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	neutral
0	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	neutral
1	no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .	neutral
0	we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .	neutral
1	great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .	happiness
0	no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .	happiness
1	Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to take with us .	happiness

0	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .	neutral
1	Sounds good . Where are we going ?	neutral
0	Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .	neutral
1	Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?	neutral
0	Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that !	neutral
1	Whew ! That getup is terrific !	neutral
0	Never mind the getup.She ' s beautiful !	neutral
1	That too .	neutral
0	I'm gonna introduce myself .	neutral
1	If you're lucky , that might do the trick .	neutral
0	Oh , oh , that tears it ! I'm getting out of here .	neutral
1	Hold on ! What's the big hurry ?	neutral
0	My ex-girlfriend's here.If she sees me , my goose is cooked .	neutral
1	I wanna finish my drink first . I'll meet you at Sammy's .	neutral
0	OK , catch you later .	neutral

0	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	happiness
1	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	happiness
0	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	happiness
1	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	happiness
0	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	happiness
1	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !	happiness
0	Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .	happiness
1	Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended .	happiness
0	Such a lovely girl . I hope my Paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday !	happiness
1	But of course ! Well , it ’ s been great talking to you , but I have to get going .	happiness
0	Same here ! We will catch up soon , maybe over coffee !	happiness
1	That would be great ! Give me a call !	happiness
0	See you soon ! Bye ! Egg ... I can ’ t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter .	happiness

0	Did you already take the history exam ?	neutral
1	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	neutral
0	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	neutral
1	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .	neutral
0	What about Abraham Lincoln ? Did you get any questions about him ?	neutral
1	I only had 1 question about him . But you might get more . I dont know if he will have the same exam or not .	neutral
0	Hopefully he will use the same exam , cause Im going to spend most of my time studying the civil war . It is a huge section and that is what he lectured the most on in class .	neutral
1	If you cant study everything , then that is probably the best way to go .	neutral
0	Aright . Thanks for the info . I gotta go to the library now .	neutral
1	Good luck .	happiness
0	Thanks . See ya .	happiness

0	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	neutral
1	It's us .	neutral
0	What do you mean by " us " ?	neutral
1	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	neutral
0	What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?	neutral
1	Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .	neutral
0	Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?	neutral
1	Back to live with my parents . That's something else I used to do before we were married . Remember ?	neutral

0	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	happiness
1	Yes.Do you like it ?	happiness
0	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	happiness
1	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	surprise
0	Is classical music your favorite ?	happiness
1	Yes . What about you ?	happiness
0	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	neutral
1	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	neutral
0	Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .	neutral
1	Did you always like pop music .	neutral
0	I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .	neutral
1	I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .	neutral
0	oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .	surprise
1	Sometimes , but these days I'm often too busy .	neutral

0	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	neutral
1	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?	neutral
0	Yeah . They simply had no extra money to save up or for other things .	neutral
1	Fortunately , things are changing these years .	neutral

0	Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .	neutral
1	A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?	neutral
0	There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .	neutral
1	I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .	neutral
0	What about sunday ?	neutral
1	i wish i could , but it's my mums birthday .	neutral
0	Maybe next week .	neutral
1	Much as I ' d like to , I am afraid i wont be free next week , I have a lot of work .	neutral
0	Sorry to hear that , I was really looking forward to spending some more time with you , I really enjoyed our last chat .	neutral
1	I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime .	neutral

0	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	neutral
1	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	neutral
0	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	neutral
1	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	happiness
0	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	happiness
1	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	happiness
0	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	happiness
1	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	happiness
0	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	happiness
1	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .	happiness
0	Thanks , I ’ ll ask him .	neutral

0	How upsetting ! He has been away for a week !	sadness
1	I don't know if anything terrible has happened .	sadness
0	I have reported it to the police .	neutral
1	We'd better prepare for the worst .	neutral

0	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	neutral
1	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	neutral
0	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	neutral
1	I can think of better things to dream about ...	neutral
0	Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .	neutral
1	That's crazy .	neutral

0	Mike ! Look at the floor !	surprise
1	What's wrong with it ?	neutral
0	What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !	neutral
1	Oh ...	neutral
0	It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .	neutral
1	Sorry , love .	neutral
0	What are you looking for now ?	neutral
1	My cigarettes .	neutral
0	Well , they ' re not here.They are in the dustbin .	neutral
1	In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ?	neutral

0	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	neutral
1	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	neutral
0	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .	neutral
1	Are you Chinese by birth ?	neutral
0	Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations .	neutral
1	How do you like it ?	neutral
0	I like it so far . But my English still needs work .	neutral
1	I want to study Mandarin and public relations .	neutral

0	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	happiness
1	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	happiness
0	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	neutral
1	Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .	neutral
0	You are right . But what if an avalanche happened ?	neutral
1	They are all great skiers and very experienced . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .	neutral
0	Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow here ?	happiness
1	Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .	neutral
0	Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?	neutral
1	It's possible .	neutral

0	You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game .	happiness
1	Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !	surprise
0	Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats !	happiness
1	How in the world ! Who came up with seats like that from your company ?	happiness
0	Some guy in the accounting department has a brother on the team !	happiness
1	Can't beat that ! Thank you accounting guy !	happiness
0	The game starts at seven so we'd better hustle , it's already five .	happiness
1	What are we waiting for ? Let's go !	happiness

0	Let ’ s play a game !	neutral
1	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	neutral
0	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	neutral
1	OK !	neutral
0	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	neutral
1	Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !	neutral
0	Aunt Rose ! That mole is so huge ! OK , my turn . He has a crooked nose and full lips . He has quite a few freckles and an oval face . Oh , he is also bald !	neutral
1	Your future husband !	neutral
0	Not funny .	neutral

0	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	neutral
1	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	neutral
0	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .	neutral
1	For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .	neutral
0	That's true . Some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones .	neutral
1	Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .	neutral

0	Lee , I'm going to get married next month .	happiness
1	Good news ! And congratulations !	happiness
0	You are invited to my wedding .	happiness
1	Thank you . I'll certainly be there .	happiness

0	Thank you for lending me the book .	neutral
1	Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .	neutral
0	But I'm not used to looking up every new word when I'm reading a novel . I only look up the most necessary ones .	neutral

0	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	neutral
1	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	neutral
0	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?	neutral
1	Definitely . But I think it is too fierce .	neutral

0	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	neutral
1	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	neutral
0	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?	neutral
1	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?	neutral
0	Yeah . I think I can find it .	neutral
1	You're back already . That sure was quick .	neutral
0	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .	neutral
1	Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .	neutral
0	Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .	happiness
1	Okay , let's go !	happiness

0	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	neutral
1	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	neutral
0	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	happiness
1	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	surprise
0	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?	neutral
1	art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .	neutral
0	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	neutral
1	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	neutral
0	how often do you go to the cinema ?	neutral
1	once in a while , I suppose , I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .	neutral
0	movie salon ? where is that ?	neutral
1	it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . I've got a membership there .	neutral
0	is it good ?	neutral
1	yes , you can find almost all new releases there .	neutral
0	really ? Maybe I shall also sign up for its membership .	neutral
1	why not ?	neutral

0	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	happiness
1	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	surprise
0	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	happiness
1	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	happiness
0	Three months .	neutral
1	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	neutral
0	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .	neutral
1	Maybe it's more exciting not knowing .	happiness
0	I'd rather know and buy all the baby things ahead of time .	neutral
1	There are so many things you have to prepare for .	neutral
0	I know I am going to be busy , but I know I can handle it . I have been looking forward to this day for a long long time .	neutral
1	It really must be an exciting time for you guys .	happiness
0	Thank you so much .	happiness

0	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?	neutral
1	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work .	neutral
0	Poor girl !	neutral

0	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	neutral
1	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	surprise
0	That's what I'm wondering , too .	neutral
1	I wish I had a chance to see it with my own eyes .	neutral

0	Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ?	happiness
1	Much to my regret , I'll have to meet my girlfriend at the airport then .	neutral
0	We'd like to invite you for our dress party tomorrow evening , are you free ?	happiness
1	Much as we'd like to , but we've booked up already for that time .	neutral
0	What a pity ! You can't join us .	sadness
1	So sorry . Next time we'll go , thanks anyway .	happiness

0	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	happiness
1	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	happiness
0	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	neutral
1	I prefer sea food .	neutral
0	ok . I'll pick up your hotel at 6 thirty pm .	neutral
1	That's fine . I'll be waiting for you .	neutral
0	See you later .	neutral
1	bye .	neutral

0	Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .	sadness
1	If that happen to me , I ’ ll take them back to the shop .	neutral
0	I did . But they said they won ’ t change them .	sadness
1	That ’ s terrible . But if they wouldn ’ t change them , I know what I would do .	neutral

0	Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ?	neutral
1	Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .	neutral
0	Totally agree . What is your solution ?	neutral
1	Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .	neutral
0	You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .	neutral
1	It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .	neutral
0	But I don ’ t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .	neutral
1	I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team .	neutral

0	I am so busy today .	neutral
1	Can I help you ?	happiness
0	I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .	neutral
1	I ’ ll be glad to help .	happiness
0	Or maybe make the beds .	neutral
1	All you have to do is ask for help .	happiness
0	Thanks . That ’ s terrific !	happiness
1	I ’ m ready and willing to help .	happiness

0	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	neutral
1	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	happiness
0	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	happiness
1	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?	neutral
0	I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .	neutral
1	You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different .	neutral

0	You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .	neutral
1	I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .	neutral
0	Do you feel ok ?	neutral
1	Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .	neutral
0	Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .	neutral
1	Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?	neutral
0	You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .	neutral
1	Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .	neutral
0	Zach , what's that on your arm ?	neutral
1	I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .	neutral
0	It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?	neutral
1	Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .	neutral
0	I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .	neutral
1	Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?	neutral
0	We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .	neutral
1	Whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting !	neutral

0	I can't go to your party .	neutral
1	That's too bad .	neutral

0	Do you like being a doctor ?	neutral
1	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .	neutral
0	Can you tell me about it ?	neutral
1	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .	neutral
0	What can you do when this happens ?	neutral
1	Not much , usually I'll just keep silent .	neutral

0	Have you eaten ?	neutral
1	Not yet .	neutral

0	It's too hot to read .	neutral
1	We'd better go out for a walk .	neutral
0	Which season do you like best ?	neutral
1	Spring .	neutral
0	How about summer ?	neutral
1	I dislike it most .	disgust
0	Why ?	neutral
1	Because the hottest season is summer in a year .	neutral
0	But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons .	neutral

0	My son came home from three years in the navy .	neutral
1	It was a real red letter day for you .	neutral
0	Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home .	neutral

0	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	neutral
1	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	happiness
0	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	surprise
1	You forgot all of about it , didn't you ?	happiness

0	I must be going .	neutral
1	Okay . Keep in touch .	neutral

0	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	neutral
1	I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .	neutral
0	I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?	neutral
1	Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .	neutral
0	But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation .	anger
1	I know why we have reservations .	neutral
0	I don ’ t think you do.If you did , I ’ d have a car.See , you know how to take the reservation , you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . Anybody can just take them .	anger
1	But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ’ d like .	neutral
0	Fine . I ’ ll take the compact .	anger
1	Alright . We have a blue Ford Focus for you , Mr . Fox . Would you like insurance ?	neutral
0	Yeah , you better give me the insurance , because I am gonna beat the hell out of this car .	anger

0	Do you think Tom will be elected president ?	neutral
1	No , I think Harry will get it .	neutral
0	Let's make a bet on who gets it .	neutral
1	OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .	neutral

0	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	neutral
1	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	neutral
0	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?	neutral
1	To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .	neutral
0	But it is unjust to judge a book by its cover . If they ’ re not happy or comfortable with their clothes , they can be less productive .	neutral

0	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	neutral
1	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	neutral
0	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	surprise
1	If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .	neutral
0	What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?	surprise
1	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .	neutral
0	I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .	disgust
1	They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .	disgust
0	That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .	disgust
1	I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !	disgust
0	Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .	neutral
1	I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .	neutral
0	Let's hope so .	neutral

0	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	neutral
1	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	neutral
0	Sitcoms ?	neutral
1	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	neutral
0	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .	neutral
1	I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time .	neutral

0	Are you interested in history ?	neutral
1	Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .	happiness
0	I love history , but I ’ Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .	happiness
1	I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !	neutral
0	Some people say that history repeats itself .	neutral
1	What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?	neutral
0	The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .	neutral
1	I see . I think I ’ d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again .	neutral

0	You're looking great .	happiness
1	You , too .	happiness

0	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	neutral
1	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	neutral
0	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	neutral
1	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	neutral
0	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?	neutral
1	Yes , they say I would get a big sum .	neutral
0	Have you discussed it with your wife ?	neutral
1	Yes , she leaves it to me .	neutral
0	As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .	neutral
1	I have to think about it .	neutral

0	Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y ?	neutral
1	Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L .	neutral
0	Of course .	neutral

0	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	neutral
1	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	neutral
0	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	neutral
1	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	neutral
0	What do you think our chance are in other events .	neutral
1	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .	neutral
0	We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .	neutral
1	I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .	neutral
0	You are very optimistic !	neutral

0	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place .	happiness
1	I may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me .	neutral
0	Well , drop by if you can .	neutral
1	I will , do you want me to bring anything ?	neutral
0	No , just bring yourself . I hope to see you there .	happiness

0	It's said that John's broken up .	neutral
1	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	surprise
0	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	neutral
1	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .	disgust

0	Let's play chess .	neutral
1	I haven't played chess for a long time .	neutral
0	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	neutral
1	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	neutral
0	You're a very good player	neutral
1	Not really , but once I won a prize .	neutral
0	So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .	neutral
1	My prize was for the best player in the country . Now let's start playing chess seriously .	neutral

0	You have been here for how long ? Four months now ?	neutral
1	Yeah , about .	neutral
0	Do you know Chinese better now ?	neutral
1	Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .	neutral
0	Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .	neutral
1	I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .	neutral
0	A shouting match ? You ’ re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ’ t believe it .	neutral
1	I am not exaggerating at all . I ’ m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .	neutral
0	Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ’ t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ’ s quite natural to us .	neutral
1	Yes , absolutely true .	neutral

0	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	neutral
1	Harry Potter .	neutral
0	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	neutral
1	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	neutral
0	Got it .	neutral
1	Have you ever read this book before ?	neutral
0	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	neutral
1	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	neutral
0	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	neutral
1	Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?	neutral
0	Jane Austen .	neutral
1	Me too . Pride and Prejudice is my favorite .	neutral
0	I like it too . But Sense and Sensibility is my favorite .	neutral

0	Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .	neutral
1	Thanks , Tim.Nice meeting you , too .	happiness
0	I guess we'll see just around .	neutral
1	Ye , I hope so.well.Take it easy .	neutral
0	You too .	neutral

0	Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious !	neutral
1	I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit !	anger
0	But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you !	neutral
1	Yeah ... I know . But I'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles !	anger
0	What kind of power struggles are you talking about ?	neutral
1	Basically , I think Tim is threatened by me . I'm doing a better job than he is so he's trying to sabotage my career !	anger
0	So he talks about you behind your back ?	neutral
1	Yes . He's all nice and friendly to my face . But the second I turn around he stabs me in the back !	anger
0	I had a worker like that once . She was always taking credit for my ideas .	neutral
1	I should keep a better record of my correspondence with the clients so if necessary I can prove it was my effort .	neutral
0	My co-worker had a whole bunch of bad office habits . She liked to name-drop ... we would be in a meeting and she would say , yesterday I was chatting with Tom . She meant Tom Solomon ... our CEO .	neutral

0	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	fear
1	What is it ? What happened ?	neutral
0	I think someone is stalking me .	fear
1	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	surprise
0	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .	fear
1	What did you do ?	neutral
0	I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .	fear
1	Did he leave when you left ?	neutral
0	Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .	fear
1	What did you do ?	neutral

0	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	neutral
1	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	neutral
0	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	neutral
1	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	neutral
0	Is it close by ?	neutral
1	It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?	neutral
0	OK , I'd love the company .	happiness
1	This will work out well . I'm getting hungry just thinking about it .	happiness

0	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	neutral
1	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?	neutral
0	the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .	neutral
1	that's right . Why do you ask ?	neutral
0	well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .	neutral
1	when are you getting married ?	neutral
0	some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .	neutral
1	congratulations ! I had no idea .	neutral
0	thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time ?	neutral
1	do you like amusement parks ?	neutral
0	for the most part , yes . Some of the rides are bit too scary for me , though .	neutral
1	if you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good time .	neutral
0	even the roller coasters that go through tunnels in the dark ?	neutral
1	even those . It'll be very romantic , I think . You'll have loads of fun .	happiness
0	thanks for the advice . I'll talk to my fiance about it tonight .	neutral
1	I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it !	happiness

0	Matthew ? Hi !	happiness
1	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	happiness
0	It's got to be almost a year now .	happiness
1	How have you been ?	happiness
0	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	happiness
1	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	neutral
0	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	neutral
1	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	happiness
0	Mrs . Thou ?	neutral
1	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	happiness
0	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	happiness
1	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?	happiness

0	Are you ready to go to the mall ?	neutral
1	Yeah . Dig my new pants ?	neutral
0	Copycat !	anger
1	What do you mean ?	neutral
0	You went out and bought khakis , too !	anger
1	No . Mine are a soft brown . Yours are khaki .	neutral
0	Whatever .	neutral

0	Have heard of Paul ?	neutral
1	No , what ?	neutral
0	He's got a promotion .	neutral
1	You're kidding .	surprise
0	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	neutral
1	I don't believe it.He is only being with the company for two years .	neutral
0	Well , it's true.The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .	neutral
1	Well.Good for him .	neutral

0	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	neutral
1	I think the supermarket is closed now .	neutral
0	Oh , When does it close ?	neutral
1	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	neutral
0	That's too bad .	neutral
1	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	neutral
0	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	happiness
1	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	happiness
0	Where does she live ?	neutral
1	She lives in San Francisco .	neutral
0	How long has she lived there ?	neutral
1	I think she's lived there for about 10 years .	neutral
0	That's a long time . Where did she live before that ?	neutral
1	San Diego .	neutral

0	Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet ?	neutral
1	No . How about you ?	neutral
0	Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner .	neutral

0	Who's that ?	neutral
1	Search me .	neutral

0	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	neutral
1	What did you argue about ?	neutral
0	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	neutral
1	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	neutral
0	Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .	neutral
1	Did you lend him a lot of money ?	neutral
0	Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .	neutral
1	Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?	neutral
0	No , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up .	neutral
1	Of course you should . You wouldn ’ t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?	neutral

0	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	neutral
1	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	neutral
0	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	neutral
1	No , you can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .	neutral

0	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?	happiness
1	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world .	happiness
0	They must be amazing animals .	happiness
1	They are . I read a story about a dolphin saving a A from drowning in the sea .	happiness
0	I read that story too . They seem to be able to understand men .	happiness
1	They sure can . Maybe they can interact with men better than monkeys and apes .	happiness

0	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .	neutral
1	I am not surprised , you eat too much .	neutral
0	And I suppose sitting at the desk all day in the office doesn't help .	neutral
1	No , I wouldn't think so .	neutral
0	I do wish I could lose weight .	neutral
1	Well , why don't you go on the diet ?	neutral
0	I've tried diets before but they've never worked .	neutral
1	Perhaps you should excercise more . Why don't you go to an exercise class .	neutral
0	Yes , maybe I should .	neutral

0	Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets	neutral
1	All right .	neutral
0	Here is your ticket .	neutral
1	Thank you .	neutral
0	The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .	neutral
1	Really ?	surprise
0	Yes , let's go in .	neutral
1	It is a new park , isn't it ?	neutral
0	Yes , how do you know ?	neutral
1	I guessed it .	neutral
0	Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .	neutral
1	Oh , how wonderful !	happiness

0	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	neutral
1	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	neutral
0	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	neutral
1	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	neutral
0	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	neutral
1	Can you ride a horse ?	neutral
0	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?	neutral
1	I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?	happiness
0	What a good idea !	happiness

0	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	neutral
1	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	neutral
0	I see . Can I sit down ?	neutral
1	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	neutral
0	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	neutral
1	Please , just call me Tom .	neutral
0	Okay , Tom .	neutral
1	Where's Cindy ?	neutral
0	She's upstairs in my room .	neutral
1	Can you tell her to come downstairs ? We're about to have dinner .	neutral

0	Have you heard of Paul ?	neutral
1	No , what ?	neutral
0	He's got a promotion .	neutral
1	You're kidding .	surprise
0	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	neutral
1	Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .	surprise
0	Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .	neutral
1	Well . Good for him .	neutral

0	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .	neutral
1	If we hurry , can we get there in time ?	neutral
0	I hope so .	neutral

0	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	neutral
1	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	neutral
0	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .	neutral
1	Our neighbor , Bruce , will take part in the relay race . Let's go have a look .	neutral
0	OK , let's go .	neutral
1	The competition will begin in 5 minutes , it's tense here .	neutral
0	Wonderful , Bruce is taking the lead .	neutral
1	Other competitors have almost caught up with him . They are neck and neck .	neutral
0	Come on , Bruce . Come on , Bruce .	neutral
1	Wow , Bruce crossed the line first .	neutral

0	Tim ’ s smiles are interesting .	happiness
1	Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .	happiness
0	You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .	happiness
1	How wonderful it would be if I had such smiles !	happiness

0	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	happiness
1	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	happiness
0	Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha .	happiness

0	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .	neutral
1	It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .	neutral
0	Someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon .	neutral
1	That's true .	neutral

0	I ’ m forming a music band .	neutral
1	Do you already know how to play an instrument ?	neutral
0	Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	neutral
1	Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?	neutral
0	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?	neutral
1	Yes , I ’ m a singer .	neutral
0	Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house .	happiness
1	Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ?	happiness

0	What would you like for Christmas ?	neutral
1	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .	neutral
0	Have you asked Santa ?	neutral
1	Yes and I've written him a letter .	neutral

0	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	neutral
1	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	neutral
0	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .	neutral
1	Where will we sleep , then ?	neutral
0	In the van .	neutral
1	What about other expenses ?	neutral
0	Let ’ s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ’ t spend much . Come on . Don ’ t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ’ t we ?	neutral
1	Maybe you ’ re right . When do you plan to go ?	neutral
0	The sooner the better ! I can ’ t wait !	happiness
1	Oh , I don ’ t know where we ’ re going yet .	neutral
0	As long as we ’ re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .	neutral
1	Let ’ s go to Chicago.We can have lunch in Chinatown.Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !	happiness
0	You have such good ideas !	happiness

0	What date will our field trip be on ?	neutral
1	The science field trip is next Monday at 8 o'clock in the morning . Do you want to make note of that on your calendar ?	neutral
0	Yes , I will make note of that .	neutral
1	Next Monday is December 2nd . The buses will leave at 8 , but we must begin loading at 7	neutral
0	I will be there half an hour early .	neutral
1	You might want to tell whoever is picking you up that you will return on December 8th . Do you have a ride ?	neutral
0	Yes , someone is picking me up .	neutral
1	To get back to campus by 8	neutral
0	Not at the moment — maybe later , though .	neutral
1	All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway . See you on Monday !	happiness

0	The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot .	neutral
1	I'm sorry for hero .	neutral
0	I don't think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts .	neutral
1	Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect .	neutral

0	How was your business trip ?	neutral
1	Great - they wined and dined us all week .	happiness

0	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ?	neutral
1	My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here.What a surprise.How long have you been doing this ?	neutral
0	Two years or so .	neutral
1	That is great.Do you have to work the night shift ?	neutral
0	No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .	neutral
1	Do you enjoy work here ?	neutral
0	It is hard to say.But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant.Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .	neutral
1	Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .	neutral
0	Luckily not.The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .	happiness
1	Glad to hear that .	happiness

0	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	happiness
1	What's the second solar system ?	neutral
0	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	happiness
1	Is this good news or bad news ?	neutral
0	It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth !	happiness
1	You mean with people on it ?	neutral
0	Yes ! Isn't that exciting ?	happiness

0	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	neutral
1	Sorry , I thought you knew .	neutral
0	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	neutral
1	Didn't I ?	surprise
0	You know you didn't .	neutral
1	Well , I am telling you now .	neutral
0	Yes , but you might have told me before .	neutral
1	I didn't think you would be interested .	neutral
0	You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?	anger
1	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	neutral
0	Oh , you men ! You are all the same .	anger

0	How was the movie last night ?	neutral
1	I didn't really like it .	disgust
0	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .	neutral
1	I found it very disappointing .	disgust
0	She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .	neutral
1	I wasn't happy with it .	disgust
0	Nothing is to your satisfaction .	neutral

0	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	neutral
1	Where are you going ?	neutral
0	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	neutral
1	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	neutral
0	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	neutral
1	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !	neutral
0	They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !	neutral
1	Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do .	neutral

0	Good afternoon !	happiness
1	Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?	happiness
0	I'm very well , thank you.How are you ?	happiness
1	Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ?	happiness
0	Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .	happiness
1	Yes .	neutral
0	What's the weather like in your country ?	neutral
1	Mm ... It's quite warm now .	neutral
0	Where do you live ?	neutral
1	In London.Where do you live ?	neutral
0	Here.Near this school .	neutral

0	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !	neutral
1	So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?	neutral
0	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !	neutral
1	Have you ever written up a business plan before ?	neutral
0	Well , no , it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ?	neutral
1	You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .	neutral
0	Well , that seems easy enough .	neutral
1	Wait , there ’ s more ! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ’ ? Then comes the hard part , a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables ! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has ! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea .	neutral
0	Geez . Is that all ?	neutral
1	Almost , the most important piece of information for your investors will be the financial analysis . Here you will calculate and estimate sales , cash flow and profits . After all , people will want to know when they will begin to see a return on their investment !	neutral
0	Umm . I think I ’ ll just stick to my old job and save myself all the hassle of trying to start up a business !	neutral

0	I hear that Mary got mad .	neutral
1	So I heard .	neutral
0	What ’ s wrong with her ?	neutral
1	She went over the edge after her son was killed in an accident .	neutral

0	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	neutral
1	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	happiness
0	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	neutral
1	No . Why don't you check out the newspaper ?	happiness
0	Ok . Maybe you should invite your sister along , too .	happiness

0	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	neutral
1	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	neutral
0	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	neutral
1	Oh , come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	neutral
0	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	neutral
1	Yeah , if you ’ re a girl .	neutral
0	Well , you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .	neutral
1	That ’ s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .	neutral
0	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .	neutral
1	O . K . , O . K . Let ’ s forget it . There ’ s a football game on too .	neutral
0	No way . I ’ m watching Ally McNeal . Go to John ’ s to watch the game .	neutral

0	It ’ s really terrible !	neutral
1	What are you talking about ?	neutral
0	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .	neutral
1	You said it . Many parents just don ’ t know how to educate their children .	neutral

0	Sarah , what did you do today ?	neutral
1	I went shopping .	neutral
0	Did you buy anything ?	neutral
1	Yes , I bought a few things .	neutral
0	What did you buy ?	neutral
1	I bought this coat . Do you like it ?	neutral
0	Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?	happiness
1	At the mall on 5th street .	neutral
0	Was it expensive ?	neutral
1	No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .	neutral
0	That's cheap .	neutral
1	I know . It was a really good deal .	happiness
0	I don't think you'll need to wear it for a while . It's been really hot lately .	neutral

0	Hi , Victor . How are you ?	neutral
1	Oh , I'm fine .	neutral
0	So , are you going to go to class tonight ?	neutral
1	Maybe ... but I don't think so .	sadness
0	Really ? What's the matter ?	surprise
1	I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .	sadness
0	Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .	happiness
1	Now that's a good idea . Thanks a lot , Brian . I'm feeling better already .	happiness

0	How's John doing ?	neutral
1	He can barely make ends meet .	neutral

0	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .	neutral
1	They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .	neutral
0	If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .	neutral
1	No way , if it still has 21 .	neutral

0	What's that book you have under your arm ?	neutral
1	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	neutral
0	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	neutral
1	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .	neutral
0	Is it really worth paying for ?	neutral
1	I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .	neutral
0	If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition .	neutral

0	Come on , you are left behind !	neutral
1	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	neutral
0	You just need more exercise .	neutral
1	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	neutral
0	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	neutral
1	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	neutral
0	Why ?	neutral
1	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	neutral
0	But I want to burn up more calories !	neutral
1	In fact , in order to burn up your fat , you must take it slowly for a longer time .	neutral
0	Really ? I will slow down then .	surprise

0	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	neutral
1	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	neutral
0	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	neutral
1	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	neutral
0	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .	neutral
1	It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	happiness
0	But it's really exciting .	happiness
1	Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	neutral
0	Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .	neutral
1	Yep .	neutral
0	I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .	neutral
1	Maybe . After all , I am grown up now .	neutral

0	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	neutral
1	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	neutral
0	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . I think the main point is economic growth . We need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , it will give the economy a boost .	neutral
1	It's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? If unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . That would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy .	neutral

0	Are you an art aficionado ?	neutral
1	Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ?	neutral
0	I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .	neutral
1	I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school .	neutral
0	Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .	neutral
1	I like sculpture , especially that from ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you .	neutral
0	I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there .	neutral
1	That sounds fine . What time shall we meet at the bus stop ?	happiness
0	Let ’ s meet at 12 thirty . it will probably take us three or four hours to see all of the exhibits .	happiness

0	What does your mother do , may I ask ?	neutral
1	My mother works in a company as an accountant .	neutral
0	Is she busy ?	neutral
1	Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year .	neutral

0	Hello , Bessie .	happiness
1	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	happiness
0	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	surprise
1	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .	happiness
0	Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .	happiness
1	Now let me sing " Happy birthday " for you .	happiness
0	Thank you very much .	happiness

0	Nice day , isn't it ?	happiness
1	It sure is .	happiness
0	It's a good day for a picnic .	happiness

0	Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?	neutral
1	I don't want to .	anger
0	Well , come over and talk to me then .	neutral
1	Certainly not .	anger
0	May I turn on the TV then ?	neutral
1	Turn on the TV for what ?	anger
0	So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .	neutral
1	Listen to the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you ?	anger
0	I will , but let's go to the disco after dinner .	neutral
1	To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it .	disgust

0	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	surprise
1	Brian ! How have you been ?	happiness
0	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	happiness
1	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	happiness
0	Well , you look great ! How are you ?	happiness
1	I'm doing really well . I got married about three years ago . I have two kids now .	happiness
0	That's terrific !	happiness

0	How is your new dormitory ?	neutral
1	It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .	happiness
0	Well , do you all major in the same subject ?	neutral
1	No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .	neutral
0	That's great !	happiness

0	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	neutral
1	Well , I swim and run every day .	neutral
0	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	neutral
1	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	neutral
0	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	neutral
1	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .	neutral
0	What do you drink ?	neutral
1	Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .	neutral

0	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	neutral
1	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	neutral
0	How hard is the climb ?	neutral
1	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	neutral
0	What did you do last week ?	neutral
1	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	neutral
0	Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .	happiness
1	Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .	happiness
0	Yeah , I will . See you then !	happiness
1	O . K . See you .	happiness

0	How many languages can you speak ?	neutral
1	I can speak French and German .	neutral
0	How well can you speak them ?	neutral
1	I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .	neutral
0	Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ?	neutral
1	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	neutral

0	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	disgust
1	Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .	neutral
0	It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .	disgust
1	You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .	neutral
0	Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball !	disgust
1	It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards .	neutral

0	Do you really have to work today ?	neutral
1	Yes . I'm afraid so .	neutral
0	But you'll miss out on the football game .	neutral
1	Oh . Well , it can't be helped .	neutral

0	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	happiness
1	Oh , do you really think so ?	neutral
0	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .	happiness
1	But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie tonight .	neutral

0	I had an accident .	neutral
1	That's terrible !	neutral

0	I found a new job after all , and I like this one even better than the last .	happiness
1	You see ? Every cloud has a silver lining .	happiness

0	Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .	happiness
1	Come on ! You're pulling my leg .	surprise
0	Really ! Here's my trophy .	happiness
1	Wow ! Congratulations !	happiness

0	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	happiness
1	Thank you .	happiness
0	Is that your wedding ring ?	happiness
1	I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .	happiness
0	Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?	happiness
1	In June .	happiness
0	Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?	happiness
1	Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .	happiness
0	You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .	happiness
1	Thank you so much .	happiness
0	What kind of watch is it ?	neutral
1	It's a Tag Heer .	neutral
0	If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?	neutral
1	This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .	neutral
0	That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .	happiness
1	Yeah . I would rather get one nice watch instead of 20 mediocre ones .	happiness

0	I'm really mad at Bob .	neutral
1	What for ? ( Why ? )	neutral

0	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	neutral
1	Not very well .	sadness
0	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	neutral
1	Nothing .	sadness
0	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	neutral
1	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	sadness
0	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	neutral
1	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	sadness
0	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	neutral
1	Maybe you're right .	sadness
0	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !	neutral
1	Yeah , but it's hard to forget her at moment . You know , we were together for almost five years . It's really hard ...	sadness

0	Do you know Sally ?	neutral
1	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	neutral
0	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	neutral
1	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .	neutral

0	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	neutral
1	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	neutral
0	Is it ? Oh , no . The concert will begin in twenty minutes . Are we too late to get there ?	neutral
1	If we start now , we can make it by taxi .	neutral

0	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	neutral
1	Yeah .	neutral
0	Who won ?	neutral
1	China .	neutral
0	What is the score ?	neutral
1	China beat Brazil three to zero .	neutral
0	Wonderful .	happiness

0	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	neutral
1	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	neutral
0	Again ?	neutral
1	At his last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . They folded and he made zip .	neutral
0	Ouch .	neutral
1	Now he only works freelance . Hundred bucks an hour .	neutral

0	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .	neutral
1	I'm sorry . I won't do it again .	neutral
0	Try to be more careful in future . Look ! you've damaged the sign .	neutral
1	Is this the sign ? What does it says ?	neutral
0	It says No smoking here .	neutral

0	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	neutral
1	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	neutral
0	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	neutral
1	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	happiness
0	How do you research your books ?	happiness
1	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	happiness
0	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	happiness
1	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	happiness
0	Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?	happiness
1	There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card , I ’ ll make sure you get an advance copy to review .	happiness
0	Thanks very much . I ’ m sure it will sell well . I can ’ t wait to read it . Here ’ s my card . Thank you for you time .	happiness

0	What shall I call him ?	neutral
1	Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .	neutral
0	What's he doing ?	neutral
1	He's checking bags.He ' s an official in the customs .	neutral

0	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	happiness
1	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	happiness
0	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	happiness
1	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	happiness
0	Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .	happiness
1	Will it be an all day event ?	neutral
0	Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .	neutral
1	That was quick thinking .	neutral

0	I'm so glad I bought this watch !	happiness
1	Cool ! Flashy red lines !	happiness
0	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	happiness
1	Is it waterproof ?	happiness
0	Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .	happiness
1	Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?	happiness
0	Well , surfing , scuba diving ...	happiness

0	Do you take a bus to and from work ?	neutral
1	Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .	neutral
0	Hmm . I have the same problem . When I leave work , it ’ s always rush hour . So the buses are always crowded .	neutral
1	Oh , yeah , it ’ s terrible . I will tell you the funniest thing I have seen in China . It ’ s when so many people try to get onto one city bus , and the last guy is squeezed in so tight that the door is tightly pressed against his butt .	neutral
0	That sounds terrible the way you describe it . But you know , not long ago I really suffered on the bus .	neutral
1	What happened ? Were you having a hard time getting on a bus ?	neutral
0	You just can ’ t imagine ! I waited for the first bus but it was too full , so I waited for the second , and it was still very crowded . Then I decided not to wait for the next one , and got on the second bus . It was so full that I had to stand on one foot ! No kidding !	neutral
1	Hmm . Good exercise , uh ?	neutral
0	Yeah , absolutely !	neutral
1	And it ’ s so much fun . One day , the bodies were so tightly packed that some girl ’ s behind was pressed against my front . I was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her .	neutral
0	You were so happy , weren ’ t you ?	neutral
1	What do you think ? I ’ m a good boy .	neutral

0	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	happiness
1	That's great .	happiness
0	Now let's get things ready .	happiness
1	Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .	happiness
0	That's much more convenient . We don't even have to bring the flavorings .	happiness

0	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	happiness
1	Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	happiness
0	And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .	happiness
1	Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .	neutral
0	There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .	neutral
1	That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .	neutral
0	Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .	neutral
1	My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .	neutral
0	OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .	neutral
1	Oh , my God . It's so dangerous . And he might break his leg . You mustn't do anything like that .	neutral

0	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul .	neutral
1	The boy is good for nothing .	neutral
0	As a teacher , I don ’ t know how to help him .	neutral
1	He is hopeless .	neutral

0	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	neutral
1	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	neutral
0	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	neutral
1	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .	happiness
0	Great , so what happens now ?	neutral
1	Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it .	happiness

0	Do you believe in UFOs ?	neutral
1	Of course , they are out there .	neutral
0	But I never saw them .	neutral
1	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	neutral
0	You mean that you can them .	neutral
1	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	neutral
0	They come to the earth ?	neutral
1	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	neutral
0	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	neutral
1	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	neutral
0	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	neutral
1	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .	neutral
0	Wow . Sounds fantastic !	happiness

0	You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?	happiness
1	Yes . I ’ Ve won the first prize in the math contest .	happiness
0	Really ? Congratulations !	happiness
1	Thank you , Paul .	happiness
0	By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .	neutral
1	Good , happy birthday to you !	happiness
0	Not so soon . It ’ s not my birthday today . Well , you ’ ll come , won ’ t you ?	neutral
1	Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .	happiness
0	My pleasure .	happiness

0	Do you have a minute ?	neutral
1	Sure . What's up ?	neutral

0	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	neutral
1	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	neutral
0	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	neutral
1	Did it scare you ?	neutral
0	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	neutral
1	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	neutral
0	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	neutral
1	I like scary movies .	neutral
0	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !	neutral
1	Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .	neutral
0	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .	neutral
1	Do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ?	neutral
0	Of course ! I can watch them without you !	neutral
1	Oh , really ?	surprise

0	What is your nationality ?	neutral
1	I am Chinese by birth .	neutral
0	Where is your domicile place ?	neutral
1	My domicile place is Hebes Province .	neutral

0	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	neutral
1	He's going to turn six next month .	neutral
0	Who is looking after him ?	neutral
1	My mother-in - law . She retired last year .	neutral
0	You really are lucky !	happiness
1	Yeah , I know .	happiness

0	Say , what's your favorite sport ?	neutral
1	Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	neutral
0	Do you play much tennis ?	neutral
1	Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?	neutral
0	Sorry . I'm strictly a spectator-football , baseball , basketball , golf ... I watch them all .	neutral

0	So Janet , do you do any sports ?	neutral
1	Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby .	neutral
0	Yeah , how often do you go ?	neutral
1	About three times a week if I can .	neutral
0	Not bad ! Do you do any other sports ?	neutral
1	Not really . I ’ d really like to try golf , though .	neutral

0	Hello , Ken .	neutral
1	Hello , George .	neutral
0	Have you just been to the cinema ?	neutral
1	Yes , I have .	neutral
0	What ’ s on ?	neutral
1	Paris in the Spring .	neutral
0	Oh , I ’ Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ’ s an old film , but it ’ s very good .	neutral
1	Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?	neutral
0	Yes , I have . I was there in April .	neutral
1	Paris in the spring , eh ?	neutral
0	It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .	neutral
1	Just like dear old London !	neutral

0	They got a divorce at last .	neutral
1	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	neutral
0	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .	neutral
1	That give us a good lesson .	neutral

0	Where are you going ?	neutral
1	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	neutral
0	What's wrong with her .	neutral
1	She is expecting .	happiness
0	Congratulations to you .	happiness
1	Thank you .	happiness

0	I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .	anger
1	I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !	neutral
0	How many chances have I given you ? I don ’ t trust you any more .	anger
1	You know how hard I've tried to give up drinking ? I ’ d be lost without you . I won ’ t let you go anyway .	neutral

0	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	neutral
1	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	neutral
0	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	neutral
1	Nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .	neutral
0	What is the international community doing to help ?	neutral
1	The European union has sent several plants with relief supplies . Several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . Refugee camps have been set up across the region .	neutral
0	How many countries have been affected ?	neutral
1	Six have been seriously affected , but the refugees are also migrating to several surrounding countries .	neutral
0	I saw on the tv yesterday that there has been another earthquake in iran .	neutral
1	Yes . There have been a few there recently . They say that this one was not a big quake . The Iranians are dealing with it on their own . They have purchased some special equipment to find people buried u	neutral
0	Does the newspaper say anything about casualties ?	neutral
1	So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital .	neutral

0	Is this a photo of your family ?	neutral
1	Yes , it is.It was taken just before I was leaving for college .	neutral
0	You look so lovely .	happiness
1	How time flies ! I'll not see twenty again .	happiness

0	I heard you've found a new job .	neutral
1	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	neutral
0	So you're quite happy with your new job ?	neutral
1	Right . I enjoy what I'm doing .	happiness

0	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	neutral
1	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .	neutral
0	That ’ s too bad .	neutral
1	May be some other time .	neutral

0	You received a letter in the mail .	neutral
1	Give it here .	neutral
0	Who ’ s the letter from ?	neutral
1	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	neutral
0	I want to know what it says .	neutral
1	They didn ’ t accept me .	neutral
0	Are you serious ?	neutral
1	It ’ s the truth .	neutral
0	Are you okay ?	neutral
1	I really wanted to get into NYU .	sadness
0	I am really sorry to hear that .	sadness
1	It ’ s okay . I ’ m still waiting to hear from UCLA anyway .	happiness

0	Why are you so quiet ?	neutral
1	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	sadness
0	You must feel terrible now .	neutral
1	Yeah .	sadness
0	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	neutral
1	You've been through this too ?	surprise
0	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	neutral
1	But it hurts too much .	sadness
0	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .	neutral
1	What if I don't want to find another girl ?	neutral
0	You'll change your mind . Look at everyone in the world . They all break up and move on . The faster you understand this , the quicker you will recover .	neutral
1	You're right .	happiness
0	I also know you must still have strong feelings for her , but try to think of all the bad things . You know she didn't treat you that well . Is that the person you want to spend the rest of your life with ?	happiness
1	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .	happiness
0	I'll give you a call later . We should hang out . It's good to be around people .	happiness
1	Ok . I'll talk to you later .	happiness

0	Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?	neutral
1	Let me see . The one goes for $ 17 .	neutral
0	Would you take $ 12 ?	neutral
1	No , I can ’ t let you have it for 12.How about 14 ?	neutral
0	13.50 ?	neutral
1	Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go .	neutral

0	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .	neutral
1	Never mind about that .	neutral
0	I ’ m terribly sorry , Won ’ t you let me pay for ?	neutral
1	No , I won ’ t hear of it .	neutral

0	A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again .	neutral
1	Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?	neutral
0	A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?	neutral
1	Not bad , But she's as busy as before .	neutral

0	Whatever we do , we should do it above board .	neutral
1	You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .	neutral
0	Well , since you agree with me , we should put the issue above board instead of talking about through other channels .	neutral

0	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !	happiness
1	Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction ?	happiness
0	Oh , yeah . I'm glad you mentioned that . I think we need to hire somebody new to manage it .	happiness
1	Can't Elvin handle it ?	neutral
0	I think he's got too much on his plate .	neutral

0	This is the best dinner I've ever had .	happiness
1	How about the soup ?	happiness
0	I've never tasted anything better .	happiness
1	How nice of you to say so .	happiness

0	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	neutral
1	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	neutral
0	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	neutral
1	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	neutral
0	Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !	happiness
1	Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ’ t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ’ t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !	neutral
0	Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !	neutral
1	The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?	neutral
0	Let ’ s do it !	neutral

0	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .	neutral
1	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .	neutral
0	Where were you ?	neutral
1	I was in New York for a wedding .	neutral

0	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	neutral
1	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	neutral
0	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?	neutral
1	Just look around ? Ah , that's boring .	neutral
0	I'll go myself then .	neutral

0	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .	neutral
1	I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .	sadness
0	come on , nothing can be that bad .	neutral
1	but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .	neutral
0	ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?	neutral
1	I've fallen in love with my boss .	neutral
0	really ? Is he married ?	surprise
1	no , of course not . He is still single .	neutral
0	then what's your problem ?	neutral
1	I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .	sadness
0	oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .	neutral
1	worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .	sadness
0	office romance is very tricky .	neutral
1	it gives me a lot of pressure and I feel depressed .	sadness
0	cheer up , Nada . You'll be fine .	neutral

0	You're not looking happy . What's the matter ?	neutral
1	Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .	neutral
0	With the job ?	neutral
1	With everything , with everybody , with all this !	neutral
0	A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .	neutral
1	It wasn't always like this , you know .	neutral
0	What do you mean ?	neutral
1	Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .	neutral
0	You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .	neutral
1	Certainly , perhaps .	neutral

0	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	anger
1	Hey , Isabelle ...	neutral
0	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .	anger
1	Yes , I am the guy .	neutral
0	What a bummer ! You set me up ?	anger
1	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ...	neutral
0	How dare you ! ( starts to walk off )	anger
1	Hang on one second . Hear me out , just this once , Isabella !	neutral
0	Why did you lie to me in the email ?	anger
1	I didn't lie . You just didn't ask me my real name .	neutral
0	I should have known it was you . No wonder all the 20 questions were answered correctly . I thought I might have found the one for me .	anger
1	I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over .	neutral

0	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	neutral
1	Well , I swim and run every day .	neutral
0	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	neutral
1	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	neutral
0	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	neutral
1	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .	happiness
0	What do you drink ?	neutral
1	Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .	neutral
0	What do you drink ?	neutral

0	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	neutral
1	Yeah .	neutral
0	Who won ?	neutral
1	China .	neutral
0	What was the score ?	neutral
1	China beat Brazil 3 to 0 .	neutral
0	Wonderful !	happiness

0	Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work .	neutral
1	I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .	neutral
0	Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client .	neutral
1	I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .	neutral
0	It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .	neutral
1	Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !	neutral

0	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	happiness
1	What do you mean ?	neutral
0	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	happiness
1	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	happiness
0	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	neutral
1	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	neutral
0	What other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue ?	neutral
1	Quite a number . Actually every skyscraper has a history . A few blocks ahead we'll see St.Patrick ' s Cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed Rockefeller Center . It's a landmark in the history of architecture .	neutral
0	What's there after that ?	neutral
1	Well then , there's a Central Park . Facing the park on Fifth Avenue is probably some of the most expensive properties in the world .	neutral
0	What are they all for ?	neutral
1	Most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the world . And there are lots of very expensive places .	neutral

0	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	neutral
1	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	neutral
0	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	neutral
1	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	neutral
0	And your parents took it badly ?	neutral
1	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	neutral
0	Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?	neutral
1	She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away .	neutral
0	How long has your sister been with her boyfriend ?	neutral
1	Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage .	neutral
0	Really ? Then I guess living together would be a good idea .	surprise
1	What do you mean ?	neutral
0	Well , these days too many people are getting divorced . If they live together , then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not .	neutral
1	I guess so . Better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out .	neutral

0	Do you think they two will get married ?	happiness
1	Yeah , you can count on it .	happiness
0	I think so . Yes , they get along so well .	happiness
1	I like him . He's good for her .	happiness
0	You're right . He sure is .	happiness

0	What do you think of Frank ?	neutral
1	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	neutral
0	Why do you say that ?	neutral
1	Whatever things get tough , he gives in .	neutral

0	Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight .	neutral
1	Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark .	neutral
0	I sure hope so .	neutral

0	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	neutral
1	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	neutral
0	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	neutral
1	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	neutral
0	It must be interesting to study English .	neutral
1	Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .	happiness
0	Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?	neutral
1	Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .	neutral

0	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	neutral
1	Yes . I like winter .	neutral
0	Me too .	neutral
1	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	happiness
0	That's a good idea . Let's go !	happiness
1	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	happiness
0	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	happiness
1	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .	happiness
0	Yes . Very wonderful .	happiness
1	There is a snowman over there .	happiness
0	How lovely it is !	happiness

0	Tim's always bothering me .	neutral
1	Just tell him off .	neutral

0	Who are those guys ?	neutral
1	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	neutral
0	Oh .	neutral
1	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	surprise
0	All right !	surprise
1	Here comes Jordan , though .	happiness
0	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	happiness
1	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .	happiness
0	Which team do you think will win ?	happiness
1	The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has .	happiness

0	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	neutral
1	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	neutral
0	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	neutral
1	The first place you should go is the International Center .	neutral
0	Why ?	neutral
1	You can get help there in dealing with the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service ; you can find Foreign Student Advisers .	neutral
0	What kind of role do foreign student advisers play ?	neutral
1	They'll discuss personal concerns , housing , adjustment , finances and other matters with you .	neutral
0	Can we get any more help at the International Center ?	neutral
1	Yes , a lot more . If you go there just before the beginning of the fall's semester , you can get your student ID and social security number there . They will keep your documents up-to-date . They will offer an orientation program for new comers . They will also help you contact your department and registration office .	neutral
0	I see . It must be worth going to .	neutral
1	Besides these , the center staff also works with community organizations which provide tours , home hospitality , speaking engagements and assistance for wives of foreign students . In cooperation with nationality clubs , student associations and other organizations , the International Center provides a varied program of cultural and social events throughout the year .	neutral
0	Wonderful . It is a home for foreign students .	happiness
1	It sure is . They also serve tea , coffee and refreshments . The Center staff members are also friendly and helpful . Everyone loves them .	happiness

0	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	neutral
1	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	neutral
0	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	neutral
1	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	neutral
0	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	neutral
1	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	neutral
0	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	neutral
1	is that inflation ?	neutral
0	inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .	neutral
1	has the government taken some measures to curb it ?	neutral
0	yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .	neutral
1	but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .	neutral
0	you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .	neutral
1	how ?	neutral
0	for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .	neutral
1	sounds a good idea .	happiness

0	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	neutral
1	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	neutral
0	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	neutral
1	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	neutral
0	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	happiness
1	Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men .	neutral

0	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	neutral
1	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	neutral
0	What ?	neutral
1	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	neutral
0	What is it ?	neutral
1	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	neutral
0	That makes you feel uncomfortable ?	neutral
1	Yeah . we never do that in a public office .	neutral
0	Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .	neutral
1	I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .	neutral
0	Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .	neutral
1	Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?	surprise
0	Yeah .	neutral
1	Oh , I'm shocked .	surprise

0	What courses did you take in college ?	neutral
1	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .	neutral
0	Which course did you like best ?	neutral
1	I liked Aesthetics best . It is very impressive .	happiness

0	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	neutral
1	Certainly . What's the matter ?	neutral
0	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	neutral
1	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	neutral
0	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	neutral
1	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	neutral
0	Is the service charged ?	neutral
1	No . it's free .	neutral
0	Really . I'll get a computer at once .	neutral

0	We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ?	happiness
1	It ’ s so cool !	happiness

0	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	neutral
1	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	neutral
0	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .	neutral
1	You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?	neutral
0	Thank you .	neutral

0	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	neutral
1	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	neutral
0	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	neutral
1	Oh , that's how you see it .	neutral

0	Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ?	neutral
1	Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .	neutral
0	It's a deal .	neutral

0	Where do you plan to go this winter ?	neutral
1	Alps , suppose .	neutral
0	Oh , yes , you like skiing .	neutral
1	Right .	neutral

0	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	neutral
1	You were showing respect and admiration for them .	neutral
0	I wish I were a hero .	neutral

0	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	neutral
1	Is he really ?	surprise
0	Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .	neutral
1	Who is he marring ?	neutral
0	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .	neutral
1	Have they set a date for the wedding ?	neutral
0	Not yet .	neutral

0	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	neutral
1	Does the class start again , Mam ?	neutral
0	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .	neutral
1	Oh , breaktime flies .	sadness
0	Come on , baby . It ’ s time now .	neutral
1	Mam , another minute , could I ?	neutral
0	Hurry up , little boy .	neutral

0	Do you have any hobbies ?	neutral
1	Yes , I like collecting things .	happiness
0	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	happiness
1	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	neutral
0	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	surprise
1	Yes , stones .	neutral
0	well , I can ’ t just imagine it .	neutral

0	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?	neutral
1	Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .	neutral
0	Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth .	neutral

0	What a nice day !	happiness
1	yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?	neutral
0	great , let's go !	happiness
1	hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .	happiness
0	exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...	happiness
1	yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !	neutral
0	why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .	neutral
1	are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?	surprise
0	never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?	neutral
1	yeah , I think so .	neutral
0	ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .	happiness
1	wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases .	happiness
